




  

















Toggle navigation











celebrity
fashion
tv
movies
music

























    
      Award Season
    
    



    
      Reality TV
    
    



    
      Late Night
    
    



    
      Celebrity Kids
    
    



    
      Then & Now
    
    



    
      Photos
    
    


 














Award Shows
Adele Snaps Grammy In Half That She Wanted Beyonce to Win














Music
Laverne Cox Is 'So Sorry' for Forgetting to Introduce Metallica With Lady Gaga at Grammys (Video)














Award Shows
Adele Brings Beyonce to Tears With Praise During Grammy Acceptance Speech (Video)














Award Shows
Beyonce's Grammy Performance Leaves Audience 'Dead,' 'Nervous' -- But Who Called It Narcissistic? (Video)














Award Shows
James Corden, Neil Diamond Pull Off Epic 'Carpool Karaoke' at Grammys - But Blue Ivy Steals the Show (Video)







 
 
 
 
 
 




























TV

February 6, 2017 7:58 AM

'The View's' Jedediah Bila Condemns Donald Trump's 'Killer' Remarks as 'Disgusting' (Video)














View Gallery
ABC

Donald Trump's Loudest Celebrity Critics and Supporters



It was a rare morning of agreement on Monday's "The View" with the entire panel calling Donald Trump's defense of Russian president Vladimir Putin "shocking."
ICYMI, Trump said he respected Putin in an interview with Fox News', prompting Bill O'Reilly to say, "But he's a killer." 
"There are a lot of killers. You think our country's so innocent?" Trump responded. 
"Imagine if Barack Obama said anything like that, they would have had him up for treason," said Joy Behar when Whoopi Goldberg asked whether America should be "concerned" about the interview.
"It made me really think, because as the President, he has intelligence that we don't have," added Sunny, eliciting laughter from the panel. "Has he gotten some intelligence reports that people in our government are killing other people? For him to say that on national television was pretty shocking to me."
But it was conservative panelist Jedediah Bila who went for the jugular.
"It's beyond shocking. To me, it was disgusting," she exclaimed. "It was disgusting to create a moral equivalence between the United States ... which last I checked is a beacon of freedom, is supposed to defend freedom of the press, is supposed to defend people who have differing opinions, not like Putin, who jails political dissidents."
"You have to ask yourself, if Donald Trump has a hard time criticizing those things, what does he actually stand for?" she mused. "Does he believe in the imprisoning of political dissidents?"
What role does comedy play in today's political climate? "It's a welcome diversion from reality," @PaulaFaris says. pic.twitter.com/8Fzy3vQMBh— The View (@TheView) February 6, 2017

Another subject the women all agreed on: "Saturday Night Live's" skewering of press secretary Sean Spicer with Melissa McCarthy.
"We need to laugh, this is funny," said Whoopi.
"I think comedy is subversive and there's nothing a dictator hates more than being made fun of," added Behar. "This must get under everybody's skin."
"Melissa McCarthy makes everything better," Bila chimed in. "I can be in the worst state of mind... she became Sean Spicer. But I love her. When you bring comedy in, I feel like it's such a unifying moment."
Behar also criticized Trump for not having a sense of humor. 
"Having a sense of humor about yourself is a sign of mental health. I never see him laugh," she said. "I find that bizarre. Also, where are the pets. I want pets. Things that humanize a person."




#JedediahBila#TheView














                Related
            







Whoopi Goldberg and Robert De Niro Use Dash of Obama to Bash Steve Bannon, Donald Trump…









'The View' Explodes Over Trump's Latest Gaffe and War









Whoopi to Jedediah Over Trump Firing AG: You're Wrong!









Whoopi Goldberg Blasts Trump's 'Sloppy' Muslim Ban on 'The View' (Video)









'The View's' Whoopi vs. Sunny Hostin on Abortion









Whoopi Goldberg and Joy Behar Slam Donald Trump's Voter Fraud Claims on 'The View' (Video)















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
blog comments powered by Disqus




More In Tv








Lindsay Lohan Has New Series 'Nerd' in the Works (Exclusive Details)









Why Lady Gaga Body Shamers Drove 'This Is Us' Star Chrissy Metz 'Bonkers' (Audio)









'RHOA' Kandi Burruss and Porsha Williams Get Into Explosive, NSFW Fight Over Eating...…









'Walking Dead' Sneak Peek: Dwight and Eugene Are Basically Screwed (Videos)









CNN's Jake Tapper Blasts Milo Yiannopoulos for 'Justifying' Pedophilia (Video)









John Oliver Thinks It's 'Weird' Trump Is Nicer to Vladimir Putin Than Meryl Streep (Video)






Load More

















    TooFab Newsletter


Sign up to receive the latest TooFab news!




First Name* 




Last Name* 




Email* 




Zip/Postal Code 




By clicking submit I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Submit    







Around the Web













































Also On TooFab








7 Things We Learned at Ice Cube's 'Fist Fight' Premiere









Here's What Is Really Going on Between Wiz Khalifa and Amber Rose









See All the Best and Worst Fashion From Grammy Awards 2017 (Photos)









'The Walking Dead': Who the F--k Was That And 4 Other Burning Questions From Mid-Season…






















        15 Times Kourtney Kardashian Make Hitting the Gym Look Easy
      

        Women Reveal Their Most Bizarre Childhood Crushes (You Know You Had 'Em Too)
      

        Mom Gives Birth to 11-Pound Baby at Home in Powerful Photo Series
      














        Josh Murray Reacts to Photos of Him and Amanda Stanton Kissing After PDA-Filled Dinner Date
      

        David Cassidy Reveals He’s Suffering From Dementia
      

        Rob Kardashian Cuddles Baby Dream in His 'Favorite' Photo of the Two of Them
      














        What’s It REALLY Like To Work For Kylie Jenner? Her Assistant Spills!
      

        Love or Loathe: Lady Gaga’s New Tattoo
      

        WTF Alert: Kris Jenner’s INSANE Christmas Decorations
      














        Keira Knightley on how UK maternal leave is lacking and unfair to women in the workforce in Harper's Bazaar cover profile
      

        Drake posts photo with Taylor Swift on Instagram as it's reported the two are working on music together
      

        Ruth Negga and Joel Edgerton in Loving movie review
      














        David Cassidy reveals private battle with dementia
      

        Kris Jenner claims filming reality show was 'therapeutic' for Kim Kardashian West after Paris robbery
      

        Priscilla Presley cares for twin granddaughters as Lisa Marie faces legal battle
      














        'The Bachelor' Nick Viall Gets Dirty in the South with Raven (VIDEO)
      

        George 'The Animal' Steele Gets WWE Celeb Tribute (Video)
      

        Darrelle Revis' Ex-Teammate -- 'That's Definitely Not Revis' Voice' (Video)
      























celebrity
fashion
tv
movies
music















          © 2017 EHM Productions, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
In partnership with TMZ |
          Privacy Policy |
          AdChoices













































