




 







Advertise
Contact
About
 


The Correspondent network 













Asia's leading independent news












News
Insights
Travel
Tech
Education
Green


Trending:
Kim Jong Nam
Shinzo Abe
Jakarta Elections
 



Country Selection
Burma
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
North Korea
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
 

Search for:





















									China proposes further tightening of controls over the internet								

Share this on
























7Social Buzz












China proposes further tightening of controls over the internet

  7th February 2017

7Social Buzz

 










China is proposing a further tightening of controls over the internet. Pic: Karen roach/Shutterstock











7Social Buzz


CHINA is proposing a further tightening of controls over the internet with the possible establishment of a new commission to vet internet services and hardware, Beijing’s internet regulator has said.
China adopted a controversial cyber security law in November to counter what Beijing says are growing threats such as hacking and terrorism, but the law triggered concerns among foreign business and rights groups.
Overseas critics of the law say it threatens to shut foreign technology companies out of various sectors, and includes contentious requirements for security reviews and for data to be stored on servers in China.
SEE ALSO: China passes controversial cybersecurity law to strengthen grip on Internet usage
New draft rules, released by China’s internet regulator at the weekend, propose setting up an intra-departmental body to examine and coordinate policies nationwide.
The commission would consider risks to national security and stop Communist Party and government departments from buying online products and services that have not been approved.
It is not clear if, or when, the new body would be set up. The proposed rules are open for public comment until March 4. Draft proposals often end up looking different when they are actually passed into law in China.
SEE ALSO: Freedom House: China is the world’s worst abuser of Internet freedom
The proposed new commission, and the adoption of the cyber security law, come amid a broad crackdown by President Xi Jinping on civil society, including rights lawyers and the media, which critics say is meant to quash dissent.
In 2015, Beijing adopted a sweeping national security law that aimed to make all key network infrastructure and information systems “secure and controllable”.
China keeps a close watch over the internet, deleting comments on social media it deems harmful and blocking popular foreign websites including Google and Facebook.
China has defended its controls as necessary to ensure national security and social stability. – Reuters


Read Full Article














Topics covered: China China Cybersecurity China Data Law 





 






Today’s Top Stories


 
Indonesian cops to probe N. Korean restaurant in Jakarta over alleged spying




 
Australia: 5 dead as light plane crashes into Melbourne mall




 
Indonesia: Thousands expected to join latest anti-Ahok rally on Tuesday – police






MOST READ THIS WEEK

The Trump-shake: A look at Donald Trump and Shinzo Abe’s awkward handshake Cory Aquino's betrayal of 'People Power' One of Kim Jong Nam's alleged lady assassins wore 'LOL' shirt, used poison 'more toxic than cyanide' Is Trump taking this whole ‘presidency’ thing seriously? SGX-ASX merger: Is ASX Chairman David Gonski the weak link? 














 

21st Feb 1 min read 
Australia: 5 dead as light plane crashes into Melbourne mall

australia 




 

21st Feb 5 min read 
Indonesian cops to probe N. Korean restaurant in Jakarta over alleged spying

Clandestine Ops 




 

21st Feb 3 min read 
Bangladesh: Foreign minister calls for ‘peaceful resolution’ to Rohingya crisis

bangaldesh 




 

21st Feb 5 min read 
Why is China keeping mum about Kim Jong Nam’s murder?

assassination 





 

20th Feb 3 min read 
Malaysia has ‘no reason’ to paint North Korea in a ‘bad light’ – PM Najib

Assasination 




 

20th Feb 2 min read 
Cambodia: Lawmakers back law barring PM Hun Sen’s main rival from contesting

Cambodia 




 

20th Feb 3 min read 
Indonesia: Thousands expected to join latest anti-Ahok rally on Tuesday – police

Anti-Ahok Rally 




 

20th Feb 4 min read 
Philippines: De Lima won’t hide from looming arrest, insists abuse ‘not my style’

Drug War 



 







MALAYSIA 
Binjai 8, KLCC
Level 17, 3A Kuala Lumpur, 50450.+60 327 123 150 
SDN. BHD - 995605 P


 

AUSTRALIA 
1 Market Street
Level 20, Suite 3Sydney, NSW 2000.+61 280 764 120
ABN: 14 600 565 802


 

UNITED KINGDOM 
Colston Tower
Level 9, Colston StreetBristol, BS1 4UX.+44 117 244 3750 
Company No. 06993551


 

Social media Keep up to date by following us on:







 




© Copyright 2017 Asian Correspondent - All rights reserved

About
Advertise
Write for Us
Privacy
Contact
 














 
