





















					HOME PAGE
					 
|

										FOREX BROKER REVIEWS
									
|

										BONUSES
									
|

										BROKERS COMPARE
									
|

										SIGNALS
									
|

										BLOG
									
|

										ADVERTISING
									
|

										CONTACT
									







Advertisement






Advertisement







Advertisement







Forex Bonus Choice



Forex Deposit Bonuses
Forex No Deposit Bonuses
Forex Demo Contests
Forex Real Contests
Forex Rebate
Affiliate Program
Other Promotions




Advertisement







Forex Broker Choice


By Payment Methods

Webmoney Brokers
Skrill Brokers
Neteller Brokers
Paypal Brokers
Payza Brokers
Fasapay Brokers
Bitcoin Brokers
Perfect Money Brokers
CashU Brokers
OKPay Brokers

By Trading Platforms

MetaTrader4 Brokers

By Broker Type

Scalping Brokers Hedging Brokers
Lowest spreads Brokers
ECN Brokers
ECN/STP Brokers
DMA/STP Brokers
STP Brokers
Market Maker Brokers
By Trading Conditions
Islamic Account Brokers
Swap-free Account Brokers
PAMM Brokers
Free VPS Brokers
Gold Trading Brokers
Oil Trading Brokers
CFD Trading Brokers








BREAKING NEWS : 1 Million Dollar Demo Contest, 10 Round monthly $50,000 withdrawable CASH Prize! + 500K for final 10 Winners! Hurry up, Join Now!




   Our Forex fundamental analysis is written by experienced economists who can clearly extrapolate market lessons from daily news events


Advertisement







Risks AboundWritten by MarketPulse | 2017-02-07 01:47:00 GMT

Live - Short Term Signals

 Risks Abound The market's tone has been one of risk-off, as political fallout in both Europe and the United States is weighing on investor resolve, imposing an unpalatable risk on investor sentiment. Investors are now seeking shelter in safe havens to weather the mounting risk. Australian Dollar The focus today will be on the RBA later in the session. The RBA are expected to maintain a very neutral stance, with little reason to expect any deviation from this steadfast approach. However, given a lack of communication from the central bank lately, the AUD may be susceptible to a shift in language. A shift in tone could come from either global trade concerns or the domestic front, as risk is building about inflation, which continues to run below RBA forecasts, or weakness in the latest employment rates, which could lead to a dovish tone from the RBA. That said, while the market is in the thick of a run in USD weakness, it is unlikely the RBA will alter their course on interest rates. Yesterday's mushy retail sales print hung over the Aussie like a dark cloud overnight, and the slide in oil prices on the back of increases in the US rig count did not help the commodity block's cause. Japanese Yen Pick your poison for the latest dollar swoon. Whether it is a miss on US wage growth, Trump induced risk aversion, or softening of US yields, the so-called dollar correction is beginning to look like a full blown rout, as the dollar bulls concede yardage by the hour. Indeed, stops below ¥112.00 triggered the deeper move to ¥111.50. If the near term line in the sand was indeed 112, the risk should be skewed for a deeper correction. However, I think traders are having a difficult time committing to longer term views in these politically charged environments, and are exhibiting reluctance to  chase either side of the dollar coin. However, if the market cannot regain the ¥112.00 soon, dollar bears will pounce on the opportunity to drive the Greenback lower. Moreover, for good measure, Reuters reported that Japan's former currency king Eisuke Sakakibara has said the USD could fall below 100 JPY by year-end, as Trump's perceived support for a weak dollar helps slow the pace of rate hikes by the Fed. Euro Political uncertainty is mounting as election storm clouds gather over the continent. From growing waves of populism to Penelope–gate, the threat of global risk aversion is starting to build. On the French election front, Parisian's response to Francois Fillion comments that he has nothing to hide concerning Penelope–gate will be carefully monitored. Before his recent address, 61% of French voters and 31% supporters of the Right and the Centre think Fillon should have pulled out of the elections. Emerging Market  APAC Investors continue to buy EM Asia on the back of broader based USD weakness. Over short term, this could increase as the USD is precariously perched and poised to move lower with all eyes focused on USDJPY after the break of ¥112.0.AuthorMarketPulse





Start Trading With Top Industry Brokers



Broker
Profile
Open Account




 Minimum Deposit: 5 USDLeverage of up to 1:888Broker Type : Market Maker
Regulation : CySEC,ASIC ,FSP ,FCA 





 Minimum Deposit: 100 USDLeverage of up to 1:500Broker Type : Market Maker
Regulation : CySEC




 Minimum Deposit: 250 USDLeverage of up to 1:200Broker Type : Market makerRegulation : CySEC 














© 2016 FXVNpro.com - all rights reserved.

			





Contact us
fxvnpro@gmail.com
hangtranfx@gmail.com








