




























 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback








DailyMail






 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










The first daughter speaks out to urge religious understanding and says 'we must protect our places of worship' after eleven Jewish centers get bomb threats in a day and FBI opens hate crime probe





Milo Yiannopoulos LOSES his $250k book deal amid outrage at pedophilia comments as Breitbart workers threaten to quit if he isn't sacked 





Mystery as NASA calls Wednesday press conference to announce 'major' exoplanet discovery





Former US attorney general Eric Holder will lead probe into sexual harassment at Uber after software engineer penned explosive post alleging discrimination





Why the fasting diet DOES work: Limiting your calories for 5 days a month could 'cut your risk of cancer, heart disease and diabetes'





Miss Kentucky USA finalist, 22 'sets her roommate's bed on FIRE during an argument' and is arrested





Tattooed gangster ambushes and murders one LA cop and wounds another after the officers arrived at car wreck he was involved in





How nine in ten diets fail... But you should still keep trying as yo-yo slimming is healthier than staying fat





Will we all die THIS YEAR? Conspiracy theorists predict humans will be wiped out in 2017 after a rise in natural disasters and solar eclipses





Weirdest Instagram trend yet? Rise of the downward gaze - the 'candid' new Instagram pose that sees influencers looking like they've lost their lenses





Personality CAN change dramatically: You're a completely different person at 14 and 77, according to the longest-ever study into human character





EXCLUSIVE: Party planner to the stars Mindy Weiss sues D.C. socialite couple for $1.8m after she claims they failed to pay up after planning their daughter's extravagant wedding ceremonies in New York and France 





JFK security breach: The TSA lets EIGHT passengers stream through security checkpoint without being screened





'He was on death's door': Fifteen-year-old boy who survived cancer makes incredible recovery after rare and risky heart-lung transplant to save his life





EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Steven Avery BEGGED lead prosecutor Ken Kratz to represent him in an appeal - and bragged that they could 'get money together' from the case





Ex-NFL star Stanley Wilson is arrested while trying to break into a home naked for the THIRD time in a year





Missing Texas dad-of-three who vanished on Super Bowl Sunday sparking a desperate search by his wife and kids had just run away to be with 'someone' he met online





Apple to overhaul the iPad Pro and reveal new red iPhone 7 at March event





The weirdest animal that ever lived? Mysterious ancient 'undersea alien' with eyes on stalks and sharp teeth on the end of a TRUNK baffles scientists





'That is bad for families and thus for all of society': Utah Republican resigns after arguing that we should 'drop the whole notion' of equal pay for women





Two hunters are charged with shooting their friends on a Texas ranch near the Mexican border after they blamed illegal immigrants





Violent anti-Trump protesters clash with cops in Portland as thousands take to the streets across the country for 'Not My President Day' demonstrations 





Economic experts fear that Trump's 'alternative facts' will spread to the doctoring of government data





Pence says NATO defense costs must be 'shared fairly' by Europe - and warns that America's patience 'will not endure forever'




Previous
Next









Migrants burned down refugee centre causing €10 million in damage because there wasn't enough Nutella, Gummibears or chocolate, German Red Cross worker reveals 
Huge fire ripped through refugee centre, home to 280 migrants,in JuneFire started 'because Nutella and sweets were not available'Police say two men suspected of starting blaze 'in a dispute over food'One 'seen pouring flammable liquid onto a mattress and setting fire to it'See more immigration news as migrant camp in Germany is burned down By

Dave Burke For Mailonline

Published:
  07:22 EST, 22 November 2016

 | 
Updated:
  17:53 EST, 22 November 2016













e-mail








36k
shares

 
         297
View  comments



A hall which was being used as a refugee centre was burned down because angry migrants were furious about the lack of Nutella and gummibears, it has been claimed.The building was completely destroyed in the fire, which caused an estimated €10 million in damage.Two men have been charged with setting fire to the centre in Düsseldorf on June 7, prompting an emergency which left 26 people injured. 




 It is claimed that the fire was started as migrants reacted furiously to not having chocolate spread and sweets German newspaper Das Bild has revealed that groups were angry when chocolate spread and confectionery were not available after dark, despite it being available during the day.Meals at the centre had been cancelled because of Ramadan, when Muslims do not eat during daylight hours.Protesters shouted: 'There isn't enough Nutella, Gummibears and chocolate', the newspaper reports.  




 The large fire ripped through the centre - home to 280 refugees - in an exhibition hall in the western German city of DusseldorfOlaf Lehne, district head of the German Red Cross, said migrants set fire to the hall in anger.The two men charged have been named as Algerian Adel D, who is accused of  aggravated arson and dangerous bodily harm, and Moroccan Mohammed B.He allegedly called on others to start fires, and acted as an accomplice.  




 More than a hundred refugees were evacuated from the centre as the blaze started to take hold


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






'Sharia patrol' organised by Muslim preacher ordering people...



US tourists are warned of heightened terror threat at...



Migrant riots force border staff to flee Greek islands:...



Lost poem by Anne Frank unearthed: eight lines were written...





Share this article
Share
36k shares










The large fire ripped through the centre - home to 280 refugees - completely levelling the hall.Emergency crews treated 25 people for smoke poisoning, and it is believed a mattress was sprayed with lighter fluid then torched.Since the start of the year, police had been called 89 times to the 65,000 sq ft hall, which was formerly part of the city's congress centre.TV footage of the blaze showed plumes of black smoke billowing into the air at the facility on the site of the city's trade fair. 






 




 Since the start of the year, police had been called 89 times to the 65,000 sq ft hall, which was formerly part of the city's congress centre, reports said









Read more:

Flüchtlingsunterkunft in Düsseldorf: Festgenommener prahlt mit Video der Flammenhölle | Express.de





Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








36k
shares












      Most watched News videos          Moment German Air Force intercepts Jet Airways 777-300ER         SpaceX's Falcon 9 successfully lands at Cape Canaveral         Squatter tries to steal bag of marijuana seized from a drug factory         Kim Jong-nam raises alarm with officials after airport attack         Tense brawl ignites between teams FK Rad and FK Partizan         Supermarket chain criticised over advert that appears to mock obesity         'Homeless' gang exit car and beg on the streets of Cambridge         Second time's the charm! SpaceX successfully launches rocket         Surveillance video captures horrific beating of seven-year-old         Cameraman shamelessly zooms in on lingerie model's backside         Tears of joy after missing teen is reunited with her family         Footage shows unconscious men 'after fight with Darrelle Revis'          





       Brought to tears by cruel racist taunts: Brazilian...      Woman who kicked her boyfriend out of bed 'for snoring'...      The dramatic moment that a London-bound flight is...      Brazil's $12 billion Olympic legacy lies in ruins: Five...      Mystery of the ex-England footballer Steven Caulker's...      Is Putin the world's real richest man? After 17 years in...      Russian billionaire's £360million superyacht is IMPOUNDED...      'It's so amazing to hold her in our arms again': Utah...      The moment a cheeky squatter tried to RUN OFF with a...      Construction worker with 'white power' chest tattoo and...      He takes after his granddad! Ivanka shares an adorable...      British tourist is found covered in blood outside Thai...      Four American tourists and pilot feared dead after plane...      'This is Hell. It will drive you crazy if it doesn't kill...      Theresa May becomes first PM to sit on the steps of the...      PIERS MORGAN: There ARE traitors in your intelligence...      Sacked for being too GOOD LOOKING: TV worker claims a...      Seconds from death: Kim Jong-Un’s brother is seen on...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       




More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Sheer-insanity! Courtney Stodden wears a see-through bra and skin tight pants to become New York's most head-turning dog walker  
          












          EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Karlie Kloss gives glimpses of supermodel future in Missouri high school yearbook photos
          
          She's changed since her high school days
        











          Partridge Family star David Cassidy, 66, reveals he is battling dementia after struggling to remember words to songs, slurring and falling over at gig
          












          Ivanka's plea for tolerance: The first daughter speaks out after eleven Jewish centers across America receive bomb threats in one day 
          












          Fox News 'Bulls and Bears' presenter Brenda Buttner dies aged 55 after cancer battle
          
          She was The long-time host of the network's financial segment 
        














          Diana's life in fashion: Daring mini-dresses and that Travolta gown which showed Charles what he was missing 
          
          A unique insight into her life
        











          It's knot for everyone! Kendall Jenner wears bizarre cape as she joins model pals Bella Hadid, Jourdan Dunn and Winnie Harlow at  star-studded LFW party
          












          'Older sisters are a blessing!' Kylie Jenner raids Khloe Kardashian's closet for a killer pair of thigh-high boots
          
          Took to Instagram 
        











          United front! Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber play happy families as they take their children to a party...nearly six months after split
          












          Her little man! Jessica Biel takes adorable son Silas, 22 months, shopping in LA
          
          She was seen scooping the tot up into her arms as he wriggled around
        











          Jonathan Cheban sets Instagram to private after body-shaming vegan blogger who called him a 'fur hag'
          
          Made a dig at Nancy Sidley 
        













          Bombshell in blue! Sofia Vergara highlights figure in skinny jeans and spiked booties for lunch with friends 
          
          The 44-year-old Modern Family star 
        











          She's got a flare for fashion! Model Kate Moss flaunts her endless legs in bright green trousers while dining out at Scott's with her friends
          












          Angelina Jolie snacks on scorpions and tarantulas with her kids in Cambodia... after opening up about 'difficult' split from ex Brad Pitt
          












          Angelina Jolie 'is NOT dating' castmate Jared Leto following divorce from Brad Pitt
          
          A source close to her told Gossip Cop there was 'no truth' in it
        











          Kanye West steps out for lunch solo in LA following muted launch of Yeezy 5 collection during NYFW
          
          Continues to sport platinum blonde hair
        











          Cheers to the single life! Drew Barrymore gets in some girl time and a few wines while vacationing in Mexico
          
          In Tulum, Mexico with her girlfriends
        











          Puppy love! Olivia Munn fusses over her rescue dog on first day of shooting horror film The Predator
          
          She embraced her rescue dog 
        











          It's a boy! Lauryn Hill becomes a grandmother at 41 after her son Zion Marley welcomes baby Zephaniah
          
          Her 19-year-old son is a daddy for the first time
        











          Baby shower drama! Dean McDermott 'to face court as he owes thousands in child support' while ex seethes after lavish bash for pregnant Tori 
          












          Who cares about the rain! Amy Adams and husband Darren LeGallo take daughter Aviana out for lunch on a showery day in LA
          
          In Beverly Hills
        













          'Let's see if the old man has a sense of humor!': Howard Stern's longtime rival Gregg 'Opie' Hughes taunts fellow SirusXM star by sneaking into his locked-down office 
          












          'Happy birthday to my girl:' Cindy Crawford's husband Rande Gerber shares sweet photo of his age-defying model wife as she turns 51
          
          Cute snap
        











          'I feel like I've just been raped': Judd Apatow says Trump being elected was similar to sexual assault before making crude remarks about Melania
          












          Runaway bridesmaid! Anna Kendrick says she avoids close female friendships with unmarried women because she's 'terrified' of weddings
          












          Gigi Hadid rocks quirky spectacles with a white crop top and chic high-waisted nude trousers as she steps out  in London 
          
          Model behavior
        











          Different roles! Alec Baldwin poses for photo shoot in NYC... as wife Hilaria runs errands with baby Leo
          
          They are a celebrity couple with busy lives 
        











          Eugenie's boyfriend bags tequila deal with film star Clooney: Jack Brooksbank's new drinks firm will distribute actor's Casamigos brand
          












          Kim Kardashian enjoys lounging in the lap of luxury as she reclines in fur coat... before deleting snap on Instagram
          
          She is 36
        











          Jack Black is accidentally smacked in the head on The Price is Right
          
          He fell dramatically to the ground after he was accidentally smacked
        











          Surf's up! Brothers Liam and Luke Hemsworth show off impressive surfing skills during low-key outing at Malibu beach
          
          Hitting the beach
        













          She's heading back to Hollywood! Lindsay Lohan announces she has a new reality show called Nerd in the works
          
          The Mean Girls star is back in La La land
        











          Jennifer Saunders sports a VERY heavy dose of under-eye concealer as she joins Joanna Lumley and glamorous Dannii Minogue at Ab Fab party
          












          Tamron Hall welcomes kids from city program promoting diversity into her home one day after ex-NBC host was seen looking pretty as a peacock in $10k worth of designer duds
          












          'Who was watching us?': Bachelor in Paradise's Josh Murray reacts to kissing photo and reuniting rumors with ex-fiancee Amanda Stanton
          












          Charlotte McKinney leaves the Miami heat behind after bikini fun as she returns home to LA
          
          The model made a modest traveler as she sported a black hoodie
        











          Dont'cha wish your jacket was ripped like mine: Leggy Nicole Scherzinger wears sexy mini skirt with her 90s inspired denims as she heads out for dinner 
          












          'Does Luke get to say any lines?': Daisy Ridley is asked for Star Wars spoilers by Chris Pratt, Penelope Cruz and even director JJ Abrams in funny clip
          












          Get back! Stella McCartney drives away from scene of accident without leaving her details after 'rear-ending' taxi driver 
          
          In London
        











          'I'm raising him to respect women': 'Powerful' Adele reveals she is already teaching son Angelo, 4, to be a gentleman in rare interview about life as a mother
          












          'No make-up, no retouching': Iskra Lawrence flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in hot pink swimwear as she continues to promote body confidence
          












          Charged up! Grant Gustin springs into action as he gets into explosive fight with baddie while filming The Flash
          
          New adventures await 
        











          'I've done that twice and it didn't work out so well': Kris Jenner explains why she is in no rush to marry Corey Gamble 
          
          She is 61
        











           Braless Daisy Lowe reveals a little too much in a baby blue satin slip dress with risque lace panels as she debuts fuller fringe at LFW party
          
          At the Burberry after-party
        











          Another accolade! Mel Gibson picks up the director of the year award at the L.A. Italia Fest and joins Hollywood pal Sylvester Stallone on stage after career comeback
          












          'Dealing with him is complicated': Director Richard Curtis reveals why Love Actually won't pay tribute to the late Alan Rickman in eagerly anticipated mini sequel 
          














          Super family! Amber Rose and Wiz Khalifa get in the spirit of son Sebastian's fourth birthday party as they pose for cute costumed snap
          












          Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Nicole Kidman's toned calves
          
          The Australian actress says she goes running, rides her bike and does yoga
        











          Shocking moment openly gay boxer Yusaf Mack confronts man making homophobic comments about him and LITERALLY fights back by beating him in a barber shop
          












          Fitness fanatic Vanessa Hudgens keeps a low profile in stylish workout clothes after another sweat session
          
          The 28-year-old actress looked sporty chic
        











          'Age is just a number!' Woman posts pictures of herself wearing a bikini aged 25 and almost two decades later after THREE KIDS... and says she feels 'fitter at 42 than ever before'
          












          'My favorite pic of us!' Rob Kardashian cuddles his little Dream after splitting from Blac Chyna again
          
          He's besotted with three-month-old daughter 
        











          'Dirt don't hurt!' Jenna Bush Hager shares an adorable video of her three-year-old daughter covering herself in mud while jumping in puddles
          
          Today correspondent
        











          'Happy Carnival!' Hugh Jackman celebrates annual holiday in Brazil after skin cancer surgery as he promotes new Logan movie
          
          In good spirits
        











          EX-citing reunion! Ellie Goulding looks very busty in plunging dress as she joins former beau Dougie Poynter for cosy display at TWO LFW parties... and they leave together, too! 
          












          Lily Donaldson dazzles in two daring ensembles as she swaps her sheer dress for a tiny crop top during LFW
          
          Victoria's Secret model posed up a storm
        











          'Flights are still available after zombie  apocalypse!': Eagle-eyed fans spot object flying behind Rick on The Walking Dead
          
          Many took to Twitter
        











          Russian Instagram queen who risked her life dangling from 1,000ft-high Dubai skyscraper for the perfect shot is dragged before police to vow never to do it again 
          












          As TV bosses trumpet bizarre audience with Angelina Jolie as if it's the Second Coming, JAN MOIR asks Why must the BBC fawns over celebrities? 
          












          Emily Ratajkowski covers up and keeps her head down as she is seen for the first time since news broke that private 'nude photos were stolen by hackers'
          












          'The heart wants what it wants!' Future posts 'love forever' on 'ex' Larsa Pippen's Instagram despite her reuniting with husband Scottie
          












          They can stomach it! Sisters Suki and Immy Waterhouse showcase their taut tummies in midriff teasing bralets as they lead the style at Burberry's London Fashion Week show
          












          'That made me crazy!' Furious Chrissy Metz defends Lady Gaga after she was body-shamed following the Super Bowl halftime show
          
          This Is Us star
        











          Is Lady Amelia Windsor the most fashionable royal? Beauty looks VERY edgy  as she joins fellow socialite Jemima Jones at London Fashion Week
          












          Work out in style! Meet the designers behind the buzzy activewear brands that count stars like Khloe Kardashian and Alessandra Ambrosio as fans
          












          'Err looks like really chapped lips?!' Rihanna reveals the launch of new beauty line on Instagram - but people are ALREADY criticizing the products
          












          Kenya Moore surprises Cynthia Bailey with vagina rejuvenation for her 50th birthday on Real Housewives of Atlanta
          
          Perfect divorce gift, too
        











          Teen Mom star Amber Portwood responds to rumors she married fiancé Matt Baier in Las Vegas
          
          And she seems pretty definite about it!
        











          'Thank god everyone is ok': Ryan Seacrest shares photos of wreckage after his $50 million Beverly Hills mansion catches fire
          
          Drama for 'Idol' star
        











          'You look very handsome!' Khloe Kardashian gushes over beau Tristan Thompson as they enjoy a romantic getaway in Jamaica  
          
          Slipped away together
        











          'She wanted to have sex with another man!' Seven Year Switch star warns her temporary husband that his real wife was going to cheat on him'
          












          'You should be scared!' New action-packed King Arthur trailer starring Charlie Hunnam reveals his true destiny amid gory battle scenes
          
          Glimpse of blockbuster 
        











          'I'm raising daughters who are in school': Nicole Kidman, 49, says she turned down acting work to be a hands-on mom to Sunday Rose, eight, and Faith, six
          












          No more silly walks for John Cleese! Monty Python star has second hip replacement (and it's not the first Fawlty bit he's had surgery on) 
          
          The 77-year-old actor
        











          Busty Penelope Cruz dazzles in a tailored black trouser suit as she chats with Naomi Campbell at Burberry's London Fashion Week show
          












          Rachel Bilson goes makeup free as she samples fruit and enjoys a solo trip to the farmers market in LA
          
          The actress, 35, picked up fresh produce 
        











          Sherlock could be AXED as bosses struggle to get Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman's schedules to line up... amid claims of a 'frosty friendship'
          












          'So often I am the only woman in the room': Reese Witherspoon  became a producer on Big Little Lies to fight back against male dominance in Hollywood
          












          Priscilla Presley confirms that she is taking care of Lisa Marie's twins amid messy custody battle as she breaks her silence to thank fans for support
          












          Good as gold! Kendall Jenner dazzles in metallic velvet mini dress and racy thigh-high boots as she heads to a market in London
          












          Kate Winslet and Idris Elba grab a bite together as they take a break from filming their new movie The Mountain Between Us in Vancouver
          












          Are these Meghan Markle's favorite songs? Prince Harry's girlfriend shares playlist to banish 'winter blues' - and her tastes are far cry from Abba fan Kate 
          












          Paris Hilton suffers a DOUBLE wardrobe malfunction as she almost spills out of her low-cut dress before getting her heel caught at Beauty Awards
          












          'It was therapeutic for her': Kris Jenner claims reality TV helped Kim Kardashian after 'awful' Paris heist
          
          Kardashian matriarch opened heart to Ellen
        











          'I want it to be a normal thing to see Asian models!' Chrissy Teigen calls for more diversity in fashion industry as she promotes her latest SI Swimsuit shoot
          












          Shop 'til you drop! Meg Ryan goes casual and strolls arm-in-arm with  12-year-old daughter Daisy as the pair enjoy some retail therapy  in New York City
          












          Blonde bombshell Katy Perry wows in funky patchwork coat and a Bardot lurex dress at Christopher Kane's London Fashion Week show
          












          A family affair! Bella Hadid shows off some serious underboob as she and supermodel sister Gigi each land their own cover of CR Fashion Book 
          












          Belle of the ball! Emma Watson dazzles in a midnight blue gown as she attends Beauty and the Beast photocall in Paris with co-star Dan Stevens
          












          Date night! Disgraced Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte takes his pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid out for a romantic dinner in Los Angeles
          












          'You make us smile every day': Princess Madeleine of Sweden celebrates daughter Leonore's third birthday with adorable photos of tot playing with balloons
          












          Is this something a Lady Wood do? Braless singer Tove Lo gives fans an eyeful as she lifts her top and flashes bare breasts during concert in Boston
          












          'You are missed': Frances Bean writes heartfelt message to her father Kurt Cobain on what would have been his 50th birthday 
          
          Nirvana star died in 1994
        











          One hot mama! Katherine Webb posts sizzling bikini selfies on her Instagram while enjoying a 'mommy and baby' day out at an Alabama beach
          












          Lion pips Oscars-favorite La La Land to win L.A. Italia Fest's Best Picture accolade... so could it go on to do the same at the Academy Awards?
          












          That's a bit Lowe cut! Braless Daisy sets pulses racing in seriously plunging midi dress with thigh-high slit as she arrives at London Fashion Week show
          












          Bella Hadid oozes sports chic in a Nineties grey hoodie and skintight red pants as she steps out in London
          
          The 20-year-old model sister of Gigi Hadid
        











          Mark Zuckerberg turns Forrest Gump: Facebook founder starts his American tour with shrimping boat trip in movie character's Alabama hometown
          












          Blood-spattered Kate Beckinsale shares funny throwback pic of herself and daughter Lily as she jokes her ex is to blame for their girl growing up 'weird'
          












          FIRST LOOK: Taron Egerton dons a tunic for his highly anticipated Robin Hood role as he joins Bono's daughter Eve Hewson on Croatian set of DiCaprio remake
          












          Good things come in threes! Olivia Palermo brings spring glamour to London Fashion Week as she rocks a trio of effortlessly chic outfits
          
          The socialite, 30
        











          The all-American girl just got sexy! Sofia Richie turns up the heat on Tommy Hilfiger's clean cut image in new campaign 
          
          Lionel's daughter, 18
        











          'She kissed me': Kandi Burruss reveals Porsha Williams offered to perform oral sex as shocking secret surfaces on Real Housewives of Atlanta
          












          Kendall Jenner exudes Parisian chic in white wide-leg palazzo pants and denim jacket as she gets behind the lens for impromptu photoshoot in London
          












          SPOILER ALERT! Rick Grimes battles for his life to prove his worth and Carol and Daryl share emotional reunion in The Walking Dead
          
          Confronted by strangers 
        











          Keeping Up With The Cousins: North West looks enthralled chatting away with Penelope Disick as the sweet pair clutch hands after family lunch
          












          Christian mom blogger reveals she is engaged to soccer star Abby Wambach six months after announcing divorce from her husband
          












           Hugh Jackman says wife Deborra-Lee is a fan of his 'salt and pepper look' for new film Logan... after getting 'tearful' about playing Wolverine for last time
          












          'It was unbelievable': Gigi Hadid leaves fans bitterly disappointed after they lined up for hours to meet the star in London and she failed to greet them all
          












          Ivanka shares adorable photo of wild-haired baby Theodore smiling and riding a stuffed elephant
          
          Captioned the photo: 'Sunday Morning #mood'
        











          'We will always be a family': Angelina Jolie gets emotional as she speaks publicly for first time about 'difficult' breakup of marriage to Brad Pitt
          












          Caught out! Kate and William keep sending the SAME reply to fans who write to them on special occasions (and it's identical to Charles and Camilla's) 
          












          Pay up! Nick Cannon is sued for $1.75 million over claims he stole idea to make a talent search app... but did it so poorly that no one wants to try out 
          












          'I'm so happy they caught those animals': Kim Kardashian's BFF Jonathan Cheban reveals star is 'a lot better' after capture of her alleged robbers 
          












          'I love you, man. Peace and love!' Paul McCartney reunites with former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr in first studio session for seven years
          












          'Jealousy provokes assault': Aaron Carter wages Twitter war on Hispanic musician who 'punched him twice in the head' as he insists he WASN'T being racist
          












          Baywatch beauty Charlotte McKinney struggles to contain her eye-popping assets in TINY bikini while frolicking on sun-drenched Miami beach
          












          'I thought I was going to vomit': Matt Le Blanc 'forced to eat HORSE PENIS' in stomach-churning challenge for new season of his show Top Gear
          












          'Sunday best': Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage in sleeveless top as she shares glamorous selfie
          
          Jennifer has been working hard on multiple projects
        











          'A neighbor trimmed my bush!' Ayda Field reveals garden war with angry fellow resident at the mansion she shares with her singer husband Robbie Williams
          












          The Crown's Claire Foy breaks character as Queen Elizabeth to scoff a pastry as Matt Smith takes his flash car for a spin during filming for season two
          












          Dared to bare! Lisa Rinna, 53, posts completely nude selfie on Instagram before quickly deleting it  
          
          The 53-year-old stripped down to her birthday suit
        











          Rock with you! Paris Jackson pays tribute to her later father Michael with a statement T-shirt as she steps out in LA...after getting more tattoos
          












          Lemon wings! Model pals Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner feast on fast food again... as the super skinny pair take a break during photo a shoot in London
          












          'I just knocked these motherf*****s out': Shocking video emerges of two unconscious men 'after they lost fight with NFL star Darrelle Revis'
          












          So in love! Kylie Jenner cuddles up to Tyga on a rainy day in Los Angeles before Snapping herself singing and dancing in a crop top
          












          Chest too much! Glee star Lea Michele takes the plunge in a very revealing gown as she steals the spotlight at the 2017 Hollywood Beauty Awards
          












          'I'm a f***ing monster!' Marnie feels guilt over affair with Desi and gets support from Hannah on HBO's Girls
          
          Sunday's episode of the final season
        











          Braless Thandie Newton sizzles in a plunging pant suit as she leads the floral trend with Daisy Lowe at the Erdem London Fashion Week show
          












          One Direction star Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth shows off her slim legs in a grey miniskirt as she takes son Freddie to an LA cafe
          












          SPOILER ALERT: Nicole Kidman's screen husband Alexander Skarsgard turns violent in drama-packed premiere of HBO's Big Little Lies
          












          Elle Macpherson, 52, showcases her age-defying complexion going makeup free and flaunts her trim pins in tight jeans as she jets out of Perth
          












          Lottie Moss bares her bronzed legs in a clingy thigh-split minidress as she celebrates her triumphant appearance on the Topshop London Fashion Week catwalk
          












          Blue Ivy's big day! Beyonce treats daughter to cotton candy while sitting court side at basketball game after watching Mardi Gras parade
          












          John Legend and daughter Luna watch NBA All-Star Game in New Orleans... before he headlined half-time show
          
          Daddy-daughter moment
        











          Oops she...got naked again! Britney Spears shares topless photo to Instagram and wears only a necklace
          
          Showed off her incredibly toned body
        











          Diana's life in fashion: From her classic 'Elvis dress' to a post-divorce blush pink day suit, the fascinating evolution of the Princess' style
          
          Poignant display 
        











          The big cover up! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley keeps her baby bump warm with a trench coat during outing with Jason Statham
          












          Pregnant Beyonce wraps bump in kimono as she sits courtside at NBA All-Star Game with Jay-Z and Blue Ivy
          
          No bigger star at the arena than Beyonce
        











          Milwaukee Bucks star puts Stephen Curry 'on the poster' when he finishes an alley-oop over his rival during NBA All-Star game as celebs watch
          












          99 problems but a bead ain't one! Pregnant Beyonce gets into Mardi Gras spirit with Blue Ivy... as Jay Z hugs Solange at New Orleans festivities
          












          'It didn't hurt that badly': Kim Kardashian gets her stretch marks removed during visit to her cosmetic dermatologist
          
          Thanks to her doctor 
        











          Doting dad! Bruce Willis is a hands-on father as he bonds with daughter Mabel in pool during family holiday
          
          Enjoying father-daughter time
        











          What's next on the horizon? Kylie Minogue smiles contently at the beach as she's pictured for the first time since speaking about breakup with Joshua Sasse
          












          Margot Robbie is completely unrecognizable as she rocks bangs while portraying infamous ice skater Tonya Harding 
          
          Double take
        











          Yeezus he's happy! Kim Kardashian has her hands full with two kids as she goes to lunch with a beaming Kanye West in Calabasas
          
          Keeping it casual
        











          Inside the Kim Kardashian heist crime scene: Chilling images emerge showing a gag used to silence the star and ripped tape used to bind her 
          












          Vogue! Jaden Smith strikes a pose with his pal Harry Hudson at The Commons at Calabasas
          
          Appeared to have a blast vogueing before hitting up the mall
        











          'So blessed to be by your side': Arrow star Colton Haynes confirms relationship with celebrity florist Jeff Leatham in topless bed selfie
          












          'Coming soon...': Paulina Gretzky announces second baby with pro golfer fiancé Dustin Johnson
          
          They've got a son called Tatum
        











          Making a splash! Jennifer Connelly shows off trim figure in skimpy swimsuit during St Barts family getaway
          
          She is a mother of mother of three
        











          Flower power! Bella Thorne celebrates 15 million Instagram followers by sharing photo of herself wearing pimple cream and curling up to roses
          












          Two peas in a pod! Kourtney Kardashian takes Penelope out in matching jackets and Yeezy Boosts for a family outing with Kim
          
          Family day out
        











          David Cassidy's fans take to social media with fears for the Partridge Family star as he struggles at gig with words to his songs, slurs and falls over
          












          'That was really scary! How's my hair?' Carson Kressley faces anacondas, rats, crocodiles and snakes for his first trial on Aussie reality show
          












          She (30) rocks! Tina Fey shows flare for fashion in wide-legged black jumpsuit with plunging neckline at WGA Awards in NYC
          
          Style queen
        











          La La Land and Hidden Figures snubbed at Writers Guild Awards as Moonlight and Arrival take home top prizes
          
          'Snubbed' the hot Oscar favorites
        











          Natural beauty Lily Collins lights up the rainy weekend with her stunning make-up free face in Beverly Hills
          
          Stepped out to get a massage in Beverly Hills
        











          Stranger Things star David Harbour supports series creators Matt and Ross Duffer at WGA Awards in NYC
          
          Writers Guild Awards in New York
        











          Chelsea Handler dons sheer LBD at Writers Guild Awards... after revealing her Netflix show will become weekly
          
          Turns 42 next Saturday
        











          John Legend's wife Chrissy Teigen hits New Orleans and shares cute snap of baby Luna decked out in colorful beads ahead of Mardi Gras
          












          'I will sing again': Lindsay Lohan asks Disney to cast her as Ariel in the live-action remake of The Little Mermaid
          
          They could be twins!
        











          Amber Rose and Wiz Khalifa toss birthday bash for son Sebastian that draws Lamar Odom and Blac Chyna
          
          Star-studded birthday party
        











          Britney Ever After's Natasha Bassett still 'hoping Spears sees' the dismally-reviewed Lifetime biopic
          
          'I learned a great deal about her playing Britney'












          Busty Mariah Carey jets out of LAX with her twins and newly-confirmed boyfriend Bryan Tanaka
          
          She held on to her kids' hands
        











          Simply sophisticated!  Kerry Washington commands attention in chic and sleeveless black gown as she leads the stars at the 2017 Writers Guild Awards
          












          Shia LaBeouf brings anti-Trump performance art project to New Mexico a week after it was shut down in New York City for becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' 
          












          Filmmaker John Waters, 70,  scores two standing ovations during foul-mouthed acceptance speech at Writers Guild Association awards 
          












          Mystery man revealed! Paris Hilton proudly walks hand-in-hand with new actor beau Chris Zylka at LAX...and then posts another besotted snap to Instagram
          












          Make-up free Ashley Tisdale and husband Christopher French walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy a casual stroll in Los Angeles
          
          Enjoying a lazy afternoon
        











          Comfortable customer: Kanye West dresses down in grey hoodie and athletic trousers as he hits the studio
          
          The 39-year-old rapper opted for comfort
        











          Jeremy Clarkson, 56, and stunning new girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, enjoy a romantic al fresco meal as they soak up the glorious sunshine in Barbados
          












          White on the mark! Elle Macpherson, 52, looks effortlessly chic in monochromatic ensemble as she touches down in Melbourne
          












          You can't win them all! Mel Gibson finally sells home lived in by ex Oksana Grigorieva but for far less than he had hoped for
          
          Less than he paid for it
        











          Hugh Jackman sports bandage on his nose following skin cancer surgery as he greets fans in Portugal while promoting new film Logan in Brazil
          












          Tinsley Mortimer 'struggling for popularity' after joining RHONY cast... with co-stars upset over 'lack of gratitude' to 'landlady' Sonja Morgan
          












          In fine feather! Naomi Campbell makes a statement in striking fluffy coat and knee-high boots as she fools around for cameras at Diesel's LFW party
          












          Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sistine, 18, dazzles in a risqué cut-away gown as she's cheered on by sister Sophia and model mum Jennifer Flavin at LFW
          












          'We all love you so much!': David and Victoria Beckham share heartwarming birthday tributes to 'sweet and cheeky' son Cruz as he turns 12
          












          It was NOT the time of our lives! Dirty Dancing star Jennifer Grey reveals how Patrick Swayze's agonizing injury almost ruined the iconic lake scene
          












          Stella Maxwell flashes her pert derrière and never-ending legs in tiny hotpants and fishnet tights as she puckers up to a female friend at LFW
          












          Chic 24-7! Diane Kruger looks effortlessly fashionable shopping for groceries in NYC
          
          She is known for her impeccable sense of fashion
        











          'Pulling your wisdom teeth with no drugs painful': Britney Spears Lifetime movie is DESTROYED on Twitter... as Sarah Michelle Gellar joins the slaying
          












          NYC adventures! Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis enjoy a Sunday walk with children Otis and Daisy
          
          Out for a fun-filled day in the Big Apple
        











          Winnie Harlow teases her bralet in saucy unbuttoned shirt dress at Malone Souliers AW17 London Fashion Week presentation
          
          Looked sensational 
        











          Smouldering at 63! Christie Brinkley is an ageless beauty at Vibes Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival as she is joined by daughter Sailor
          












          Nicole Scherzinger shows off her ample assets and incredibly toned abs in tiny sports bra as she films a commercial in Cape Town
          












          Red hot romance! Jenna Dewan flaunts fab figure in bikini as she packs on PDA with Channing Tatum in Hawaii
          
          Looked loved-up
        











          Nicole Kidman wants her daughter to connect with her 'other mother' and has 'set up meet' between Faith, 6, and the surrogate who carried her
          












          Adding to the collection! Paris Jackson shows off two new tattoos on Instagram... one behind her ear and one near her bosom
          












          The caped crusader: Kate Bosworth keeps a low profile as she jets back home to LA after showing off her incredible style credentials at LFW
          












          Party in the USA! Miley Cyrus spends fun weekend with her famous family in Tennessee
          
          'FAMILY,' the We Can't Stop singer wrote
        











          Naked ambition: Scottish fiancée of Trump's new Treasury Secretary appears in steamy shower and sex scenes in her latest movie
          












          Barefaced beauty! Kylie Jenner forgoes her usual makeup as she grabs low-key sushi lunch with Tyga
          
          Usually seen with layers of applied makeup
        











          Emily Ratajkowski's 'iCloud is targeted by hackers AGAIN as private naked images of the beauty emerge online'
          
          Invasion of privacy 
        











          It's not a match! Patti Stanger caught up in love lawsuit as 'widow sues over bad dates'
          
          Accused of setting up Heidi Williams with another dating service 
        











          Casual in camouflage! Ryan Seacrest and model girlfriend Shayna Taylor leave gym session together
          
          They have reportedly been dating on-and-off 
        











          Vogue Paris will be the first French magazine to feature a transgender model on the cover
          
          Valentina Sampaio from Brazil will grace the front page 
        











          Chrissy Teigen teases a glimpse of her slender thighs in a velour dress and over-the-knee boots at Sports Illustrated event in Texas 
          
          Looking amazing 
        











          What a catch! Pregnant Hannah Jeter shows off bump in see-through fishnet number at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          












          Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipple piercing in a see-through blouse as she sizzles in DropOne promo shoot
          
          Sisters' line has arrived
        











          Miles Teller smooches his model girlfriend Keleigh Sperry as he celebrates his 30th birthday in LA
          
          Miles Teller had a birthday to remember 
        











          Sofia Richie, 18, leads the glamour at Topshop Unique's LFW show... after fueling rumours of romance with Lewis Hamilton, 32 while in London
          












          The sun-seeker! The Who's Roger Daltrey, 72, shows off his muscular chest as she tops up his tan on the beach in Florida
          
          Looked fit as a fiddle 
        











          Australian model Robyn Lawley shows off generous amounts of cleavage in glittering red gown at Sports Illustrated swimsuit launch festival
          












          'I love you soooo much!': Ashlee Simpson wishes dad Joe a happy birthday in a sweet Instagram photo amidst prostate cancer battle
          
          Fighting the disease 
        











          Lottie Moss flaunts her toned legs in flirty floral skirt as she rules the LFW runway with Stella Maxwell and Lily Donaldson at Topshop Unique show
          












          One proud mama! Madonna shares adorable video of newly-adopted Malawian twins Stella and Esther singing
          
          Singing along to Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star
        











          PICTURED: The Grand Tour's Jeremy Clarkson, 56, is spotted with new girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, as the pair touch down in Barbados for a romantic break
          












          Changing rooms! Liam Payne 'set to renovate luxury home ahead of the birth of his first child with Cheryl'
          
          Was granted planning permission
        











          'Ears to a good night! Spontaneous Adriana Lima gets painful piercing during raucous Fashion Week party in London
          
          Enjoying the celebration
        











          'I accept it but I don't respect it': Drake hits back over Kanye West 'publicly sh***ing on him' after he branded One Dance singer's music 'overplayed'
          












          Heat in Houston! Ashley Graham stuns in figure hugging mini dress as Kate Upton wows in LBD at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Festival
          












          Something to tell us? Ciara hints that she is having a boy with a cryptic Instagram post about the color blue  
          
          The 31-year-old mom-to-be
        











          Freeing the nipple! Elsa Hosk bares her chest in transparent shirt for racy bikini shoot in St Barts
          
          Started the shoot sitting in the waves 
        











          'Am I pregnant again?' Lara Bingle hints that she could be expecting AGAIN... four months after welcoming second child with Sam Worthington
          












          Piers Morgan pulls out of hosting the Royal Television Society Awards after facing a 'silly' backlash from viewers and guests for supporting Trump 
          












          Carrie Fisher chillingly predicted she wouldn't be alive in February 2017 by writing her date of death on a cutout of Princess Leia she kept at her LA home
          












          'She's fed up with being defined by her boyfriends': Selena Gomez 'didn't attend the Grammys with the Weeknd in an attempt to separate her identity'
          












          Hello from the other side: Adele smiles gleefully at son Angelo as she touches down in Sydney aboard a 'huge' private jet
          
          Star is Down Under
        











          They could be sisters! Youthful Yasmin Le Bon, 52, and her daughter Amber, 27, look more like siblings as they step out at London Fashion Week
          












          Hugh Jackman is mobbed by fans as he arrives in Brazil to promote Logan with bandage on his nose covering his skin cancer removal
          












          What a page turner! Kelly Gale stuns on the red carpet at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Festival... after model makes her debut in the magazine
          












          Britney Spears makes sex tape and has a break-up dance-off with Justin Timberlake in 'unofficial' Lifetime movie Britney Ever After
          
          Movie premiere
        











          'You deserve all the love in the world': David Beckham pens heartwarming tribute to his sister Joanne on her birthday with adorable throwback snap
          












          Daisy Lowe oozes elegance in plunging blouse and figure-hugging midi-skirt as she leads the glamour at Roland Mouret's LFW show
          












          Female-heavy Big Little Lies cast including Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon made the set better according to producer Bruna Papandrea
          












          Kim Kardashian wears long fur coat as she steps out for romantic dinner date with husband Kanye West in LA
          
          Showcased her bosom
        











          Is that the Beast they can do? Why Emma Watson's new Disney film really rings a Belle... judging by the uncanny resemblances to the 1991 version 
          












          Caitlyn Jenner stays glamorous in a nude leather jacket as she tucks into a burger courtside at LA basketball game
          
          Difficult manoeuvre 
        











          Winnie Harlow flaunts her enviably lean legs in graphic T-shirt and racy caged heels as she joins fellow model Jourdan Dunn for wild night out
          
          Partied the night away
        











          Revealed: The most expensive failed celebrity marriages: From Kim Kardashian's $135K-a-day union to Pam and Kid Rock's 182 day coupling 
          












          Zoe Kravitz surprises host Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show by bringing her dad Lenny...who arrives with his signature drinks
          
          Famous dad
        











          George Michael's devastated family may have to wait another FOUR WEEKS to bury the singer because tests on his body are still taking place
          












          Kris Jenner's heavily damaged Rolls Royce is 'up for sale with an opening bid of $195,000 by new owner'
          
          Was involved in a  car accident in August
        











          'We're having a girl!' Thomas Rhett and his wife Lauren reveal gender of baby with cake stunt
          
          Got very creative with their announcement
        











          She's a work of art: Queen Maxima looks elegant in an olive ensemble as she opens the Royal Paradise exhibition in Dordrecht
          
          Dutch royalty 
        











          Gigi and Bella Hadid set Versus Versace's AW17 London Fashion Week show alight as they transform from Californian golden girls to futuristic vixens
          












          'It's early days': Louis Tomlinson and Eleanor Calder 'get back together two years after they split'... as excited fans spot them wearing almost IDENTICAL tops
          












          Rita Ora looks typically quirky in funky fluffy crop top with tough boots as she lives it up for pal's birthday 
          
          Wore a funky pinstripe crop top 
        











          Nina Agdal shows off legs in quirky mini dress on night two of Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          
          Appeared on the cover in 2014
        











          Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa takes the kids to film reality show ... as he 'takes talents to real estate firm without ex Christina'
          
          Reality TV realtor
        











          Model Caprice shows off painful bruises from taking on 'the terrifying Skeleton' on The Jump... following Amy Willerton's scary crash on the same obstacle
          












          'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein puckers up to Lloyd Klein on dinner date - just days after she was cleared of clawing his face and slashing him with scissors
          












          'I am a very protective man': Sam Worthington speaks of his reclusive lifestyle with Lara Bingle and their two children as he teases details of upcoming Avatar sequel
          












          TV wrestler 'dealt cocaine to Princess Margaret but police covered up the investigation into the claims' 
          
          Scandalous claims
        











          Brooklyn Beckham sports a kooky kids' T-shirt under his sling after snapping his collarbone on snowboarding holiday... as the family head home
          












          Katharine McPhee flaunts her shapely legs in a silky negligee-style dress and suede ankle boots as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood 
          












          Jeremy Clarkson jets off to Barbados for a romantic break with the ex-wife of playboy 'Baron Bonkers' 
          
          Ten years younger than him
        











          Quick change artist! Mariah Carey blows through THREE OUTFITS during her Beverly Hills shopping spree
          
          Spotted in three different ensembles on Saturday
        











          Bikini babe! Elle Fanning showcases her toned torso and lean limbs in blue swimsuit while filming her upcoming crime thriller Galveston
          












          New hair, don't care! Chris Hemsworth's stunning wife Elsa Pataky flaunts new do after getting the chop
          
          Known for her easy-going attitude
        











          Her very own Marilyn moment! Daisy Lowe suffers wardrobe malfunction as gust of wind blows up her slinky white dress... after FOUR outfit changes
          












          Who said twerking's over? Iggy Azalea shakes her shapely derrière in booty shorts and stripper heels in racy new Instagram video 
          












          Ready to pop! Very pregnant Ciara hides baby bump in large varsity jacket for dinner out with husband Russell Wilson
          
          Night on the town
        











          EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego step out with son Zen after secret arrival of new family member
          
          Exciting news 
        











          Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin celebrate Bella Hadid and Stella Maxwell's hit appearances on the Versace catwalk with a group dinner in London
          












          'She'll start dating when she's 45': Friends actor Matt Le Blanc gives his daughter Marina, 13, dating advice
          
          Doesn't want her with anyone like Joey
        











          Melania Trump steps up her role as first lady (in a pair of $600 Louboutins) by leading the Florida crowd in The Lord's Prayer and lashing out at her critics 
          












          'He tried to hit me off guard': Big Sean explains what happened in video of a fan attacking him... but hopes culprit gets 'treatment he needs'
          












          Jennifer Connelly, 46, looks fantastic in stylish bikini as she holidays with husband Paul Bettany and kids in St Barts
          
          Blood Diamond beauty 
        











          'I'm still standing': Aaron Carter details attack on stage and hospital visit after 'making racist comment' to Hispanic musician during concert
          












          'Can't wait for the world to hear it!' Vin Diesel makes singing debut in latest mix of Selena Gomez's new track It Ain't Me
          
          Multi-talented
        
















 
 
DON'T MISS










          'A summer I'll never forget!' Scott Eastwood leaves Australia with a bang after wrapping filming on Pacific Rim
          
          Made the most of his time filming down under
        











          Robin Thicke emerges at LAX after dramatic standoff with ex Paula Patton during attempted visitation with son
          
          Has been an emotional two days for the singer
        











          Taking the plunge! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in cleavage-baring jumpsuit onstage at the London Palladium
          
          Barreling through her tour of Britain
        











          Family time! Liv Tyler bundles up in a fur-lined parka as she enjoys stroll in London with her baby daughter Luna
          
          Took her seven-month-old out for a walk
        











          Angelina Jolie dazzles in hot pink chiffon gown as she's honoured at opening ceremony for new Cambodia-based flick
          
          Back into the limelight 
        











          How The Kate Effect made me - then broke me: Why making the Princess' engagement dress was the beginning of the end for one fashion designer
          












          Star in stripes! Kate Bosworth shows off lithe figure in a black and white shirt dress as she joined celebrities at the House Of Holland LFW show
          












          Kirsten Dunst keeps it casual in dark hues as she flashes engagement sparkler on coffee run
          
          Opted to keep things low-key for a coffee stop in Los Angeles
        











          Selena Quintanilla's father scores win in ongoing lawsuit against her widower Chris Perez over TV series about late Tejano songstress
          
          Ruled in his favor
        











          Very hands on! Nina Agdal flaunts her long legs in ruffled miniskirt as she offers up a shave at SI Vibes Festival
          
          She showed up to offer her services
        











          Casual cool! Ashley Tisdale dresses down to take her cute pup Maui to visit  longtime friend Haylie Duff
          
          Spotted leaving her LA home with her dog
        











          Let's roll! Modern mom Cate Blanchett takes daughter Edith for a ride around town on her scooter
          
          Escorted her little lady around on her scooter












          'He could end this single-handedly': Leah Remini says Tom Cruise is the only person with the power to close the Church of Scientology
          
          King of Queens star
        











          Model magic! Adriana Lima and Jourdan Dunn showcase their enviable pins in thigh-grazing ensembles at star-studded Maybelline LFW event
          












          Rocco Ritchie beams from ear to ear as he makes first official appearance with girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded Versus Versace LFW show
          












          Bella Hadid dares to bare plenty of skin in racy mesh crop top as she leaves her London hotel for Fashion Week with blonde beauty Stella Maxwell
          












          Leggy blonde! Ellie Goulding flaunts her lean limbs in metallic and black mini skirt at Versus Versace LFW show
          
          Lights songstress
        











          No skier looks sharper than Harper! Another day, another designer snow suit for David Beckham's girl
          
          Took to the slopes in a chic white ski suit
        











          'I was victimized and vilified': Mariah Carey says she was upset 'people didn't understand' what she went through over NYE mishap
          












          Battle of the bricks! Matt Damon's The Great Wall fails to topple Lego Batman Movie after crumbling debut 
          
          It is set to debut at a paltry $19million
        











          Hugh Jackman admits to getting tearful while filming emotional scenes in Logan and says this is the LAST time he will ever play Wolverine 
          












          Robin Roberts and Michael Strahan spark rumors of on-set tension after photos emerge of pair in animated talk during taping of Good Morning America 
          












          James Brown's 'Funky Drummer' Clyde Stubblefield, who created famous drum break that was sampled on over 1,000 songs, dies at 73
          












          Nicole Kidman says 'commitment and kindness' is the secret to her marriage to Keith Urban as the couple prepare to celebrate their 11th anniversary
          












          Madonna has taken my girls for ever? That can't be true! Pictured for the first time, the twins' father says he didn't realize their adoption was permanent 
          












          Victoria's Secret bombshell Georgia Fowler, 24, storms the runway in two VERY daring dresses for Julien Macdonald at London Fashion Week
          












          Khaki queen! Olivia Palermo wows in frayed black denim and oversize shirt during London Fashion Week
          
          The 30-year-old was spotted lookin chic 
        











          Sparkling Snowdon! Lisa brings the dazzle to Julien Macdonald's LFW show in eye-catching glittery trousers
          
          Former model was recently engaged 
        











          Eclectic Maggie Gyllenhaal is typically striking in a low cut gold and black floral gown as she hits the red carpet at the Berlin Film Festival
          
          Quirky fashion choice
        











          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Beatrice and Eugenie's dreams to be treated as major royals are hit by snub over Queen's charity roles 
          
          They were overlooked
        











          Golden girl! Christie Brinkley, 63, dazzles mini dress while joined by daughter Sailor, 18, at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival 
          












          Tell him boy bye! Pregnant Beyonce flashes the middle finger with mum Tina Knowles at post awards bash... after missing out on top Grammy gong
          












          Bella Thorne flaunts her incredibly flat stomach in a TINY printed blue bikini as she hits the beach during idyllic Mexican getaway
          












          Selfies on the slopes! Princess Mary and Prince Frederik take time off to enjoy a ski holiday with their four young children in Switzerland
          












          Fan frenzy! Chris Hemsworth shows off his casual style in an all black ensemble at Los Angeles airport as he is swamped by admirers
          
          Hunky Australian actor
        











          Beach boys! Liam and Luke Hemsworth wrap up in layers as they check out the waves in chilly Malibu
          
          Brothers checked out the surf
        











          Bottom's up! Bella Thorne shows off her perky posterior in sultry bikini shot before kissing gal pal on vacation
          
          Showing jer wild side
        











          'It wasn't meant to be': Heartbroken Kylie Minogue says she 'looks forward to moving on' as she breaks her silence on failed engagement to Joshua Sasse
          












          Curves for days! Ashley Graham flaunts hourglass figure while sitting pretty in white robe for hotel room snap
          
          Taking some downtime from her busy schedule 
        











          An American in London! Kendall Jenner turns tourist for the day as she tries an array of treats and vintage looks in Notting Hill
          












          'Where is the science?' Robert De Niro AGAIN questions vaccine safety and calls for an 'independent commission'
          
          Controversial comments
        











          U2 frontman Bono praises Mike Pence for his 'historic accomplishment' in backing bills to provide AIDS medication to African nations
          












          Rainy day training: Kanye West braves stormy Los Angeles weather to face his daily workout
          
          No excuses from the rapper 
        











          'No time for makeup!': Liv Tyler shows off her natural beauty in cute photo with children Sailor and Lula
          
          She is enjoying every moment of motherhood
        











          All black everything: Chrissy Teigen looks effortlessly chic in long coat as she steps out in New York
          
          Always putting her most fashionable foot forward
        











          Joan Collins flees wealthy Russians blighting her Belgravia street and finds sanctuary in Claridge's Hotel
          












          They have a (James) Bond! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely get support from teenage sons Paris, 15, and Dylan, 20, at screening in LA
          












           Odd couple Billy Joel and shock jock Howard Stern take their wives for low-key dinner in Florida at restaurant just 10 minutes from Trump's resort
          












          'Take me back': Emily Ratajkowski shares steamy flashback bikini snaps from her holiday to Greece
          
          Flaunter her incredible physique 
        











          Fashionista Alexa Chung covers up in a demure peasant-style dress teamed with black tights as she steps out at the J.W. Anderson LFW show
          












          Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry Instagram snap after jetting into London for Fashion Week 
          
          Flaunted her figure in a tight black top 
        











          Kristina Rihanoff shows off her athletic post-baby figure in daring puce mini-dress as she cozies up to Ben Cohen at London Fashion Week
          












          Louis Tomlinson's sister Lottie makes a rare appearance at London Fashion Week two months after their mother's death
          












          'Three boys, oh boy!': Zoe Saldana welcomes third child with husband Marco Perego as she makes surprise announcement on Instagram
          












          Lady Kitty Spencer oozes sex appeal in VERY low cut tropical print dress at Julien Macdonald's LFW show while Lady Victoria Hervey covers up
          












          What boycott? Ivanka's perfumes become the two most popular on Amazon in sales boom despite her fashion line being axed
          












          Angelina Jolie returns to limelight with her children in first official appearance since Brad Pitt split for première of new Cambodia-based flick
          












          I'm out of here! Chris Martin jets out of rainy LA after saving charity event with last minute performance 
          
          Spotted speeding through LAX
        











          Another day, another city! Gigi Hadid cuts a casual figure in leather pants and an oversized sweater as she promotes her Tommy Hilfiger line in London 
          












          Almost topless! Kim Zolciak wears see-through bikini top with a ribbon covering her nipples
          
          Showed off her flat stomach and full chest
        











          Blondes have more fun! Kim Kardashian appears to have platinum locks again as she wishes Paris Hilton a Happy Birthday on Snapchat
          












          Pregnant Hannah Davis gets stuck in elevator for 30 minutes after NYC Sports Illustrated launch party
          
          She was neither up nor down 
        











          Gwen Stefani embraces a casual look as she steps out in LA... before sharing heartwarming picture of her youngest son Apollo
          
          Youthful look 
        











          Cheeky! Jordan Rodgers grabs fiance JoJo Fletcher's derriere during beach getaway to Necker Island
          
          She showed off her perky backside
        











          Kylie Minogue is smiling again as she poses with love heart balloon amid rumours she will host Perfect Match reboot... just weeks after split
          












          Rita Ora puts on a leggy display in monogrammed miniskirt and matching jacket as she enjoys casual night out in LA
          
          Looked the part 
        











          Cover girls Kate Upton and Hannah Jeter stun as they match in black at Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          
          Pair turned heads 
        











          Beauty in blue! Ashley Graham shows off cleavage and derriere in curve hugging dress for launch of Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          












          Nina Agdal bares her enviable abs in a leather skirt and tiny bralet as she attends the launch of Vibes by Sports Illustrated Swimsuit festival
          












          Winning Winnie! Model of the moment Harlow flaunts her enviable statistics in heavily cut-out slinky gown as she closes Julien Macdonald LFW show
          












          Custody battle drama as Paula Patton aborts parking lot handover of six-year-old son Julian to ex Robin Thicke amid emotional scenes
          
          Standoff between pair
        











          'Snow bunny' Harper Beckham, five, gets a skiing lesson from doting father David during family skiing holiday in Canada
          
          Looked the part 
        











          'I didn't know my parents were big until I was 13': Brooklyn Beckham discusses growing up with a famous fami
          
          Aspiring photographer 
        











          Kendall Jenner rocks an opulent fur jacket with a red tracksuit as she jets into London with fellow model Bella Hadid for Fashion Week
          
          Has been a busy week 
        











          Donald Glover cast as Simba in Lion King remake alongside James Earl Jones as Mufasa 
          
          The rapper, 33, is also in a Star Wars spin-off
        











          Justin Bieber's ex-gilrfriend Sofia Richie channels edgy glamour in stylish grey coat and chained velvet choker for Jourdan Dunn's clothing launch
          












          Pharrell Williams makes his first appearance at BET's American Black Film Festival Honors since wife Helen Lasichanh welcomed triplets
          












          Ultra-bronzed Lottie Moss, 19,  flashes a hint of her toned stomach in lacy crop top and racy leather trousers as she parties in London
          
          Cat walk star
        











          'Where it all began!': Halle Berry, 50, looks as beautiful now as she did in throwback snap of herself as Miss USA at 1986 Miss World contest
          












          Mariah Carey CONFIRMS Bryan Tanaka is her boyfriend... but doesn't feel comfortable talking about personal life
          
          Confirmed on Instagran 
        











          What, no umbrella handler? Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher dodge LA storm as they step out for breakfast with their baby boy
          
          Braved the showers
        











          Show him what he's missing! Blac Chyna flaunts her curves in sexy Instagram vid one day after reported split from Rob Kardashian
          
          Wearing a waist trainer
        











          Solo act! Camila Cabello shows off taut tummy in two-piece dress as she films music video... after talking 'intense' split with Fifth Harmony
          












          Red hot! Queen Latifah wows in elegant crimson gown as she and Denzel Washington are recognized at American Black Film Festival Honors
          












          'Keep it honest and be yourself': Beverly Hills socialite Lisa Vanderpump offers words of advice to Real Housewives Of Sydney stars
          












          'When you kick bae's ass': Demi Lovato shares sparring session clip with boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos
          
          Squared off against her MMA fighter other half
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Ex of 'vindictive' Lisa Marie hits back at claims she found 'disturbing' photos of kids on his computer and promises bombshell revelations about her
          












          Tom Hanks helped wife Rita Wilson deal with breast cancer by making her laugh - as the actress reveals she's now '100 per cent cancer free'
          












          Baby jetsetter! Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy look stylish as they arrive back at LAX with new bundle of joy
          
          One-month-old Shai
        











           Actress Teresa Palmer celebrates son's nine-week milestone and talks about wanting to raise her kids back in her Australian hometown
          












          Nearly naked: Kylie Jenner almost spills out of top as she models her newly released DropOne collection with sister Kendall
          
          Jenner sisters
        











          Model Neelam Gill stuns in a quirky silk tracksuit as she parties the night away at Missguided bash during London Fashion Week
          












          'I don't think so': Kris Jenner says she doesn't believe her son-in-law Kanye West is 'friends' with President Donald Trump
          
          Puzzling relationship
        











          Model mother! Coco Rocha looks fantastic in monochrome as she is joined by daughter Ioni to ring Nasdaq closing bell in NYC
          
          Catwalk star 
        











          Who needs AGT? Nick Cannon shows he's still got plenty of talent in NBA celebrity game... after leaving NBC variety show
          
          Whirlwind week
        











          'That bikini's almost gone!' Pia Muehlenbeck sizzles in holiday snap as the bikini model flaunts her pert derrière in tiny G-string and sends fans into a frenzy
          












          You beauty! Bella Heathcote STUNS in polkadots at Ralph Lauren show after revealing she was 'nervous' about role in Fifty Shades Darker film
          












          REVEALED: 'He lifted me up by my throat': Amy Duggar cries during teaser for Marriage Boot Camp as she says her FATHER was her abuser
          
          Difficult childhood
        











          'This is insane!' Enormous tree smashes through model Ireland Baldwin's backyard as fierce storm batters California
          
          She was blocked in
        











          Jade Thirlwall and Leigh-Anne Pinnock lead the way in skimpy ensembles as they perform with Little Mix in Connecticut
          
          Ready for the BRITS 
        











          Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara, Natalie Portman and Michael Fassbender get caught in two love triangles in Song To Song trailer
          
          Boasts big name stars
        











          Making a splash! Bella Thorne flashes underarm hair as she cavorts on the beach in tiny string bikini during Cancun getaway
          
          The 19-year-old
        











          Oh mama! Kourtney Kardashian looks ravishing  in orange one-piece swimsuit... as it's claimed her ex Scott Disick is plotting to get spinoff TV show
          












          A muscular little fellow! Candice Swanepoel shares image of four-month-old son Anacã who appears to be quite strong
          
          Sweet shot
        










 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Ivanka's plea for tolerance: The first daughter speaks out after eleven Jewish centers across America...





Milo Yiannopoulos LOSES his $250k book deal amid outrage at pedophilia comments as Breitbart workers...





Mystery as NASA calls Wednesday press conference to announce 'major' exoplanet discovery





Former US attorney general Eric Holder will lead probe into sexual harassment at Uber after software...





Why the fasting diet DOES work: Limiting your calories for 5 days a month could 'cut your risk of cancer,...





Miss Kentucky USA finalist, 22 'sets her roommate's bed on FIRE during an argument' and is arrested





One officer killed and another wounded in California after gang member opened fire when they responded to a...





How nine in ten diets fail... But you should still keep trying as yo-yo slimming is healthier than staying...





Will we all die THIS YEAR? Conspiracy theorists predict humans will be wiped out in 2017 after a rise in...





Weirdest Instagram trend yet? Rise of the downward gaze - the 'candid' new Instagram pose that sees...





Personality CAN change dramatically: You're a completely different person at 14 and 77, according to the...





EXCLUSIVE: Party planner to the stars Mindy Weiss sues D.C. socialite couple for $1.8 million, claiming they...





JFK security breach: The TSA lets EIGHT passengers stream through security checkpoint without being screened





'He was on death's door': US teen, 15, who survived cancer makes incredible recovery after rare and risky...





EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Steven Avery BEGGED lead prosecutor Ken Kratz to represent him in an appeal -...





Ex-NFL star Stanley Wilson is arrested while trying to break into a home naked for the THIRD time in a year





Missing dad-of-three who vanished on Super Bowl prompting desperate search by wife and kids had just run...





Apple to overhaul the iPad Pro and reveal new red iPhone 7 at March event





The weirdest animal that ever lived? Mysterious ancient 'undersea alien' with eyes on stalks and sharp teeth...





'That is bad for families and thus for all of society': Utah Republican resigns after arguing that we should...





Two hunters are charged with shooting their friends on a Texas ranch near the Mexican border after they...





Violent anti-Trump protesters clash with cops as thousands take to the streets across the country for 'Not...





Economic experts fear that Trump's 'alternative facts' will spread to the doctoring of government data





Pence says NATO defense costs must be 'shared fairly' by Europe - and warns that America's patience 'will...





PIERS MORGAN: There ARE traitors in your intelligence services and some reporters ARE disgracefully biased...





'Impeach him': Thousands of Americans march against Trump in 'Not my President Day' rallies from New York to...





Trump names veteran Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster as his new national security advisor replacing disgraced...





'Give the public a break' scolds Donald Trump as he blasts the FAKE NEWS media for reports suggesting...





'100 percent untrue': Trump lawyer denies he's being investigated by the FBI - and that he pitched a...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Brazil's $12 billion Olympic legacy lies in ruins: Five months after the Rio Games, stadiums are crumbling as cash-strapped nation is left with crippling debts
            



 
            Construction worker with 'white power' chest tattoo and his fiancée are named as victims of double murder that was so 'messy' police needed an X-ray machine to find body parts 
            



 
            Brought to tears by cruel racist taunts: Brazilian footballer weeps at the end of a match in front of Serbian supporters who jeered and made monkey noises every time he touched the ball 
            



 
            'It's so amazing to hold her in our arms again': Utah girl, 17, is reunited with her family after being rescued by the FBI from 'human traffickers who snatched her from a Las Vegas hotel' 
            



 
            Is Putin the world's real richest man? After 17 years in power, Russian leader has a '$200 billion fortune, 58 planes and helicopters and 20 palaces and country retreats'
            



 
            Russian billionaire's £360million superyacht is IMPOUNDED in Gibraltar because German shipbuilder says he is still owed £13 million 
            



 
            He takes after his granddad! Ivanka shares an adorable photo of wild-haired baby Theodore smiling and riding a stuffed elephant 
            



 
            Woman who kicked her boyfriend out of bed 'for snoring' realises he is DEAD and his loud gasps were actually his dying breaths
            



 
            Dignity in the face of oppression: Incredible pictures capture the everyday life of African Americans in Jim Crow-era Nebraska
            



 
            The dramatic moment that a London-bound flight is intercepted by two German fighter aircraft after it lost radio contact
            



 
            Milo Yiannopoulos LOSES his $250k book deal amid outrage at pedophilia comments as Breitbart workers threaten to quit if he isn't sacked 
            



 
            'This is Hell. It will drive you crazy if it doesn't kill you first': Inside Haitian jail where prisoners starve to death and defecate on floors of overcrowded cells while waiting up to eight years for a trial 
            



 
            'It's quite messy': Couple are found murdered in a crime scene so gruesome that cops have to use X-rays to work out the number of victims
            



 
            Florida teacher at predominantly Latino school reassigned to administrative duties after making pro-Trump Facebook post supporting mass deportation during school hours
            



 
            Missing dad-of-three who vanished on Super Bowl prompting desperate search by wife and kids had just run away to Ohio to be with someone he met online
            



 
            Alt-Right darling Milo Yiannopoulos is BANNED from the CPAC conference after video surfaced which appeared to show him defending pedophilia
            



 
            PIERS MORGAN: There ARE traitors in your intelligence services and some reporters ARE disgracefully biased but you can't run America on your own, Mr President. So calm down and stop making it so easy for your enemies 
            



 
            Putin left 'deeply upset' after Russia's ambassador to the UN dies suddenly  in Manhattan following a suspected heart attack
            



 
            Seconds from death: Kim Jong-Un’s brother is seen on security camera footage telling airport staff he has just been poisoned moments before collapsing and dying 
            



 
            One officer killed and another wounded in California after gang member opened fire when they responded to a traffic accident
            



 
            'I feel like I’ve just been raped': Judd Apatow says Trump being elected was similar to sexual assault before making crude comments about Melania
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Party planner to the stars Mindy Weiss sues D.C. socialite couple for $1.8 million, claiming they failed to pay for their daughter's extravagant wedding ceremonies in New York and France
            



 
            'I just knocked these motherf*****s out': Shocking video emerges of two unconscious men 'after they lost fight with NFL star Darrelle Revis'
            



 
            'I was raped every day for a month in front of my children': Women reveal the horrors they endured as ISIS sex slaves... despite being SUNNI Muslims just like their captors
            



 
            'Impeach him': Thousands of Americans march against Trump in 'Not my President Day' rallies from New York to LA 
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE - Bill Clinton loved jerk chicken, FDR craved sour pigs' feet and Barack Obama's fave was a blue-cheese burger with garlic aioli and Parmesan-sprinkled fries: How African-American chefs have catered to the presidents
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Steven Avery BEGGED lead prosecutor Ken Kratz to represent him in an appeal - and bragged that they could 'get money together' from the case
            



 
            'Doctors said he wasn't going to be human': Baby boy born with brain on the outside of his skull has lifesaving surgery
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more
































	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message

















































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















