


























okayplayer.
okayafrica.
okayfuture.
largeup.
revivalist.


message boards
shop

















 



News
Audio

Mixtapes


Videos

OKP TV


Artists
Interviews
Movies
Tonight Show

LNWJF


Events

Austin
Chicago
Los Angeles
New York City
San Francisco/Oakland


About

Team
Contributors
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact


 


 











Posted 2 weeks ago by Elijah C. Watson
0 comments
A Jodeci Biopic Is In The Works For VH1



Following the success of BET’s New Edition miniseries, the television channel’s parent company Viacom is already prepping for another R&B biopic.
During an interview with San Francisco radio station Q102.1, Jodeci member Mr. Dalvin confirmed that a Jodeci biopic was in the works for VH1.
“That’s in the works already,” Mr. Dalvin said. “They started the process last September — we just finished the script and we’re going into production next month, so we’re looking at an end of the year release.”
No other details are offered about the biopic (although in a caption for an Instagram post taken of the interview, Mr. Dalvin does say that casting inquiries will be announced soon, so if you’ve ever wanted to star in a Jodeci biopic now is your chance).
The New Edition miniseries, The New Edition Story, resulted in record ratings for BET. According to a report from Deadline, parts one and three of the miniseries were the network’s highest-rated and most-watched telecasts in five years (since 2012’s Season 5 premiere of The Game).
The New Edition Story was first announced over a year ago.
“From our beginning in the Orchard Park Projects in Boston to Hollywood and everything in between, just like The Temptations and The Jackson Five — we are ready to retrace our footsteps and show everyone how we got here. For the fans all over the world, this one’s for you,” New Edition had said in a statement.
Aside from Jodeci, fans of Michael Jackson should also be expecting a biopic of the iconic pop star before the end of the year.
Tentatively titled Michael Jackson: Searching for Neverland, the film will focus on the final years of the artist’s life as it is told from the perspective of his trusted bodyguard, Bill Whitefield. The biopic will premiere on Lifetime.





Did you like this article? Wanna share it?



















About the author






Elijah C. Watson 



Posts by  Elijah C. Watson »





TAGSJodeci Mr. Dalvin 




Related Posts







Phonte Talks Jodeci & One-Hit Wonders w/ The Music Snobs








Jodeci Talks ‘The Past, The Present, The Future’ On Ebro In The Morning








Jodeci Stay True To Form, Share Hype Williams-Directed Clip For Comeback Single “Every Moment”








Ira Schickman Reworks Jodeci’s “Love U 4 Life” (Valentine’s Day Free Download)








Jodeci x B.o.B. – “Nobody Wins” [Lyric Video]








Anthony Hamilton Puts The Work On Jodeci’s “Freek’n You” Live In Session


 


Comments

















 

Join our Mailing List






Email Address




okayplayer


okayafrica


okayfuture


largeup


revive music


the roots









more details



Most Popular



 




 

Featured Videos






In No Ranking Order: The 16 Best Videos of 2016






Watch A Tribe Called Quest Honor Phife Dawg With Two SNL Performances






Relive Roots Picnic NYC w/ Dave Chappelle, D’Angelo, John Mayer + More [Highlight Video]






Black Thought Calls Big Daddy Kane, Kool G Rap, More For Symphony 2016 At Roots Picnic NY






Roots Picnic Comes To NYC This Weekend…Here’s What It Means To Philly






‘Chasing Trane’ Doc Brings John Coltrane’s Legacy To Life [Review]




view all










featured audio






Mixtape Monday: DJ M.O.S, Ally Al, Orion Anakaris, Nicholas Payton + More







Cheat Sheet: Dr. Dre’s Funk Comes Alive in This 23-Hour Playlist of Career-Spanning Samples







Mixtape Monday: Cut Chemist, House Shoes + More Toast J Dilla



view all


Recent Comments


“Im going to repeat coz there is nothing else to say really !  Prince was the greatest musician to ev...”
– Rambanita Maybe Devi Dasi on Prince Holds More Than Half of Spotify’s “US Viral 50” Chart Positions


“You are an idiot....”
– Blaidd Drwg on Purple Politics: 14 Prince Songs You Can March To [Playlist]


“how many typos are in this post? 

too many!...”
– +00+ on Beats ‘n Bytes: Here’s 5 Things You Need To Know in Hip-Hop + Tech


“Yes that evil bitch is alive today in 2017 at the age of 82 her whereabouts is unknown.  She's being...”
– candy225 on Emmett Till Accuser Finally Admits She Lied About Her Claims





















okayplayer
okayafrica
okayfuture
largeup
revive






About okayplayer »
News: Drumpf Digest: All of Donald Trump’s Follies in One Scroll ›
Audio: Wale Returns With Remix Of Ed Sheeran’s “Shape of You” ›
News: Frank Ocean, Sampha + Others Added To Flow Festival 2017 Lineup ›
Audio: BJ The Chicago Kid Drops New Track “Roses” ›
Audio: Check Out This Smooth Track From Kingdom + SZA “What Is Love” ›




About okayafrica »
Culture: Beyoncé Channeled The Yoruba Deities Oshun And Yemoja For Her Pregnancy Shoot ›
Photos: This Week In Photos: Brendern Denousse ›
Sports: AFCON 2017: Date, Time and Live Stream for the Egypt vs Cameroon Final ›
Film: John Boyega’s “Imperial Dreams,” Now Streaming On Netflix ›
Audio: The 8 Songs You Need to Hear This Week ›




About okayfuture »
Videos: TiDUS Returns with “SOON YOULL UNDERSTAND” EP Release & Video Memoir ›
Videos: ‘Change To Last’ – A short film by Knafo (World Premiere) ›
Features: Starro drops “Relapse” featuring One-T ›
Features: Check out  Shawn Wasabi “Burnt Rice” (Video) ›
Features: Sam Gellaitry Escapism EP via XL Recordings ›




About largeup »
Music: LargeUp Premiere: Young Chow’s “Waist Gal” Video ›
Audio: LargeUp Premiere: Popcaan feat. Shyne “We Still A Win (Remix)” ›
DJ Arems: Mixtape Mondays: Gibbo Presents, Chinese Assassin DJs, DJ Qualifi ›
Audio: AUDIO: Stream “The Awakening” EP from Nelson Serieux + Echo Slim ›
Columns: Mixtape Mondays: DJ Puffy, DJ Roy, DJ Marcus Williams ›




About revive »
Features: Interview: The Baylor Project Dish Out The Details On Their New Album ‘The Journey’ ›
Concerts: Ticket Giveaway For Afropunk’s Unapologetically Black with Robert Glasper ›
Concerts: 2/25: The Apollo Theater Presents: Afropunk’s Unapologetically Black The African-American Songbook Remixed ›
Concerts: 2/14: CATO at Rockwood Music Hall ›
Concerts: 2/13: Celebrate Valentine’s Day With The Baylor Project ›





Join our Mailing List









okayplayer



okayafrica



okayfuture





largeup



revive music



the roots














 






News
Audio
Video
Artists
Interviews
Movies
LNWJF
Events
About
 










© okayplayer.com 2017

OKP TV
Mixtapes
Team
Contributors
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
Privacy Policy
 








