








 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   











 



Go to home page



|Listed in category: 






Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
>
Women's Clothing
>
Sweats & Hoodies






















The original item has sold for US $1.35. We have selected another similar item below.Original item: Hollister Women's California Sweat Shorts Workout Grey Size Medium M






















Picture Information







FREE SHIPPING














Image not available
Photos not available for this variation





























































































Have one to sell?


Sell it yourself









									View full description




Details about   NWT Womens Tangerine Active Exercise Running Shorts-Dk. Grey-XL-MSRP-$50.00




NWT Womens Tangerine Active Exercise Running Shorts-Dk. Grey-XL-MSRP-$50.00












|

Add to watch list












							Seller information


 kandy1003

	            (3635
)

99.7% Positive feedback




Save this seller




	Visit store: Nebraska Threads


See other items


More...
See all



kandy1003 has no other items for sale.










Item Information




		Item condition:
New with tags












Price:

US $16.99

















 
 



Add to watch list




Start of add to list layer



Add to watch list






End of add to list layer




 







Shipping:



FREE


				Economy Shipping













Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated between Wed. Feb. 22 and Tue. Mar. 7
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.







Returns:





30 days money back, buyer pays return shipping








Guarantee:




Money Back Guarantee
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee
 | See details - opens in a new window or tab




		        				Get the item you ordered or get your money back.



			        				Covers your purchase price and original shipping.



 












11 items similar to Hollister Women&#039;s California Sweat Shorts Workout Grey Size Medium M






















Women's HOLLISTER CALIFORNIA SWEATSHIRT Zip Up Size M Medium Charcoal Gray Track







$3.99
0 bids
1d 21h 11m
























GRAY CAPRI JOGGERS LACE SIDE WISH & WHIM MEDIUM MED M







$3.59
Buy It Now























Women's Hollister grey and pink hoodie sweatshirt size medium M







$14.80
Buy It Now























PINK Victoria's Secret sweat shorts pajama drawstring 2 pocket Sz Small EUC







$14.95
Buy It Now

























JUICY COUTURE SWEAT PANTS SIZE MEDIUM BROWN 







$23.99
Buy It Now























Athletic Works Blue Velour Track Pants Size S (8829)







$6.99
Buy It Now























Womens NYL Lounge Pants Sz Petite Lg Comfy Soft Emerald green







$8.24
Buy It Now























Womens S/M Life Is Good Blue Cotton Lined Drawstring Waist Sweat Lounge Pants







$15.99
Buy It Now

























NWT Womens Tangerine Active Exercise Running Shorts-Dk. Grey-XL-MSRP-$50.00







$16.99
Buy It Now























Victoria's Secret Phi Beta Pink Cropped yoga lounge pajama pants Small pjs







$10.97
Buy It Now























Victoria's Secret  "love and pink" university  Drawstring CAPRI SMALL INSEAM 19'







$10.00
Buy It Now







Where results contain multi-variation listings, the item counts on the page are inclusive of all matching variations that are available.









Enter your search keyword










Advanced






 






Place bid
















Time left:





Current bid:



(Approximately ##1##)






Shipping:





Import charges:


(estimated and based on max bid)
To be provided at checkout







Your max bid:










Your max bid:



















		By clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.



		By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 












Cancel






Loading...




Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.


Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
Calculate
(Approximately ##1##)
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
Increase max bid
Place bid
Confirm bid
Increase max bid
Cancel
Change bid
Close
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again!
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it!
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win!
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.
Please enter your bid again.
Please enter a valid number as the bid price.
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.

























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.



























Back to home page



Return to top



Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Security Center
		Resolution Center
		Seller Information Center
		Policies
		Affiliates
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice









