



















NB













Menu
US Breaking News

US Local News

US Top Stories













Up to 13,000 Hanged in ‘Human Slaughterhouse’ in Syria, Amnesty International Sa…



 


Hundreds of individuals have been hanged at a Syrian jail in a secret crackdown on dissents by the regime of Bashar al-Assad, a report by Amnesty Worldwide has alleged.

A report by Amnesty Worldwide human rights group says as much as thirteen,000 individuals have been executed on the Syraian Saydnaya jail north of the capital Damascus in a “hidden” marketing campaign approved by senior regime figures in a secret crackdown on dissent by the regime of Bashar al-Assad. (Credit score: Amnesty Worldwide)

The human rights group says as much as thirteen,000 individuals have been executed at Saydnaya jail north of the capital Damascus in a “hidden” marketing campaign approved by senior regime figures.
Amnesty’s report, Human slaughterhouse, says prisoners are moved in the midst of the night time from their cells beneath the pretext of being transferred. They’re taken to the grounds of the jail, the place they’re hanged, probably unaware of their destiny till they really feel the noose round their neck, Amnesty alleges.
The report is predicated on results of a yr-lengthy investigation, together with interviews with eighty four witnesses together with safety guards, detainees, judges and legal professionals, Amnesty says.







Most of these hanged have been civilians “believed to be against the federal government,” the report discovered.
“The horrors depicted on this report reveal a hidden, monstrous marketing campaign, approved on the highest ranges of the Syrian authorities, aimed toward crushing any type of dissent inside the Syrian inhabitants,” Lynn Maalouf, the deputy director for analysis at Amnesty’s Beirut workplace, stated in a press release saying the report.
Amnesty Worldwide says there are two detention facilities at Saydnaya jail. Within the “purple constructing”, nearly all of detainees are civilians who’ve been arrested because the starting of the battle in 2011, based on the group. Within the “white constructing”, the detainees are primarily army officers and troopers.
CNN has requested the Syrian authorities for remark.
The report contends that the executed detainees got a sham trial by “a so-referred to as Army Area Courtroom.”
“The decide will ask the identify of the detainee and whether or not he dedicated the crime. Whether or not the reply is sure or no, he will probably be convicted … This courtroom has no relation with the rule of regulation. This isn’t a courtroom,” a former decide stated, based on Amnesty.
‘Only a headline’
President Assad’s regime has beforehand been accused of extrajudicial killings and conflict crimes through the nation’s civil warfare,…









Source link 


Related
 




 




Tweet












Pin It






Related Posts 

 
Russian Ambassador to United Nations Dies in New York





 
Sheriff investigates bomb threat to Lake Zurich day camp





 
Steinberg: Abortion trigger law ‘a nightmare scenario for women’



 

About The Author
 NB
A Trendy Take to US Local News







Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name
Email
Website
 



Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 









 



Popular Posts 

								Booze battle brewing in Bridgeport City Hall	
			

 



								    								Shooting in Treme leaves man wounded Sunday night: NOPD	
			

 



								    								Police fatally shoot 2 people, 9 others die in violence: New Orleans area crime …	
			

 



								    								Canadian mosque president: 5 dead in Quebec City shooting	
			

 



								    								Commentary: SODO’s the right choice, but the focus needs to be on the ultimate p…	
			

 


Like Us on FaceBook 

Like Us on FaceBook

Feedjit WidgetLive Traffic Stats




 










NB Copyright © 2017.

Theme by MyThemeShop

























