 
 





Edition: International |  Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact












Tuesday 21 February, 2017








 






 Trump may have been unclear, but Sweden experiencing a migrant crime wave - Revised travel ban targets same seven countries, exempts green card holders - 'TUCKER TONIGHT' VIDEO: What the US could learn from Sweden's refugee crisis Infosys governance row: Vishal Sikka says malicious stories being spread to target him VAVA’s $199 dashcam is sleek and feature-rich, but… Officer responding to car crash is shot dead; 2nd officer wounded - Florida teen makes special teddy bear to honor fallen officer - Prosecutor urges Indiana community to remain calm amid search for suspect linked to teens' deaths 'FIRST 100 DAYS' Don't miss town hall on immigration on Tuesday 







        




HomeNews
Easy Shopping
Sports
Health-Fitness
LifeStyle
Tech
Finance
Films
Education
India

Education-IND
Entertainment-IND
Technology-IND







 

 

Published On: Tue, Feb 7th, 2017 
Home | By admin  



  ‘IT’S ALL ON ME’ Homeland Security boss takes blame for hasty travel ban rollout





Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly admitted to lawmakers Tuesday that the rollout of President Trump’s ban on immigration from seven countries was rushed, while defending the measure as “lawful and constitutional.”
“It’s all on me,” Kelly told the GOP-led House Homeland Security Committee, acknowledging lawmakers were not fully apprised. 







“I should have delayed it just a bit so I could have talked to members of Congress,” Kelly said. “Going forward, I would have certainly taken some time to inform Congress, and that’s something I look forward to in the future.”
Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order suspended the U.S. refugee program and largley banned immigration and travel from seven mostly Muslim countries for 90 days. Kelly said Monday, as he said last week, that the order was crafted before he was confirmed as DHS secretary. 







The order, which caused confusion for green-card holders and others before the administration made clear they would not be affected, has since been held up in federal court with a hearing set for late Tuesday in California. 
Trump, ahead of a White House meeting with county sheriffs, voiced confidence Tuesday in his administration’s case. 







“We have to have security in our country,” Trump said, adding that his team would take its case “through the system.” Asked if that means the dispute will land before the Supreme Court, he said: “We’ll see. Hopefully it doesn’t have to.” 
Kelly also acknowledged before the GOP-led committee Tuesday that some of the order’s core tenants are problematic, but said “it’s still my belief we will prevail.”
“We believe [the order] is lawful and constitutional,” said Kelly, who also gave his support for Trump’s plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Committee Chairman Mike McCaul, R-Texas, opened the hearing, Kelly’s first as homeland secretary, by saying, “This country is eager to work with you. … Your job won’t be easy.”
The Texas Republican also said the rollout of the executive order has been “problematic.”
Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson, the top Democrat on the committee, acknowledged that Kelly was being called upon to explain and defend an order about which he had little prior knowledge.
“Frankly, it is somewhat unfair,” he said.
















About the Author


admin - 



Related News













  
Trump may have been unclear, but Sweden experiencing a migrant crime wave – Revised travel ban targets same seven countries, exempts green card holders – ‘TUCKER TONIGHT’ VIDEO: What the US could learn from Sweden’s refugee crisis





Infosys governance row: Vishal Sikka says malicious stories being spread to target him




  
‘FIRST 100 DAYS’ Don’t miss town hall on immigration on Tuesday




  
Officer responding to car crash is shot dead; 2nd officer wounded – Florida teen makes special teddy bear to honor fallen officer – Prosecutor urges Indiana community to remain calm amid search for suspect linked to teens’ deaths






 


Leave a comment
 
Click here to cancel reply.  
You must be Logged in to post comment.


 
 







Categories
Comments
Tags





Business

Business

Easy Shopping

Education

Education-IND

eLearning

Entertainment

Entertainment-IND

Featured

Films

Finance News

Gaming

Health

Health & Fitness

Health-Fitness

Home

India

Life & Style

Lifestyle

Marketing

Recipes

Sports

Street Fashion

Style Hunter

Tech News

Technology-IND

Travel

Travel News

TV & Radio News

Video

Vogue







2016
About
After
Back
best
Breaking
Brexit
Britain
British
City
Clinton
Could
Dead
deal
Death
Digital Marketing trends
Donald
down
Fans
first
From
Google algorithm updates
Hillary
Into
Live
more
News
Over
Police
revealed
Reveals
Says
Season
SEO trends & updates
show
Star
than
Their
This
Trump
Video
Watch
Week
world...
‘The

 
















 



 


  
 
  





     

Home
Health-Fitness
Films
Business
Education
Marketing
Lifestyle
Tech News
eLearning
Entertainment
Finance News
Gaming
Street Fashion
Style Hunter
Travel News
Video
Vogue
Weather
 
   
 



    Latest News - All Rights Reserved. 
         

 
  



 