Sign in / Join NowGO»Market NewsStock IdeasDividendsMarket OutlookInvesting StrategyETFs & FundsEarningsPROLong IdeasShort IdeasCramer's PicksIPOsQuick PicksSectorsEditor's PicksWhere Chesapeake's Next Billion-Dollar Deal Could Come FromFeb. 7.17 | About: Chesapeake Energy (CHK) Callum Turcan Follow Oil & gas, long-term horizon, growth, deep valueSend MessageLinkedIn ProfileLinkedIn ProfileSummaryA case study on how Chesapeake Energy Corporation was able to monetize significant operational gains in the Haynesville shale, and how this applies to its divestment strategy going forward.
        The Powder River Basin is the key region to watch in light of the acreage swap deal back in 2014 and WTI rising over $50/barrel.
        Chesapeake has started drilling in the PRB again, and could be on the look out for a potential JV partner.
        News of a PRB JV being established could have a seriously positive impact on Chesapeake Energy Corporation's stock price.
        A large part of the argument in favor of Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) being able to ride out the storm is centered around the firm's massive underdeveloped acreage position. Chesapeake Energy can monetize part of its asset base through divestitures or by establishing joint ventures, with operational improvements enhancing the value proposition to a potential acquirer or partner. Haynesville case study Let's start with the Haynesville shale which offers a good example of what I'm getting at. For those that don't follow the firm, Chesapeake recently monetized part of its position through two different deals and raised $915 million gross in the process. Keep in mind Chesapeake still retains a material position in lucrative parts of the Haynesville play. Surging low-cost natural gas production of the Marcellus and Utica shale plays up in Appalachia along with increasing amounts of takeaway capacity out of the region marginalized less economical plays like the Haynesville. As you can see below gas production out of the Haynesville is a far cry from its 2011 - 2012 peak and has been on a downward-to-flat trajectory since then. Midstream agreements signed during a different time when domestic gas prices were much higher has played a big role in helping manage the decline over the past couple of years as things like minimum volume commitments compelled producers to keep drilling. 


 Source: EIA However, that picture has begun to change. Partially due to rising domestic natural gas prices, but there is more to it than that. As upstream operators like Chesapeake Energy experimented with bigger fracks, better drilling technology, and longer well laterals, well productivity surged. This has been especially evident since 2015 as you can see below through the sharp increases in new-well gas production per rig data provided by the EIA. 

 Source: EIA Combined with reductions in operating costs, completed well costs (through faster drilling & completion times, and overall cost deflation in the industry), and ample takeaway capacity enabling gas production to fetch much stronger prices than other shale gas plays, the Haynesville started to become economical to develop once again. The rig count in the area has started to move back up and well returns have moved higher by leaps and bounds. The two pictures below show the immense gains to Chesapeake's incremental well returns in the Haynesville over the years. Keep in mind that the region is also prospective for the Bossier Shale, which makes up part of Chesapeake's drilling inventory, and that these numbers are on an incremental basis which excludes certain items making this guidance more useful as a benchmark. It isn't about the supposed rate of rate in an absolute sense as much as it is about the sharp increase relative to Chesapeake's performance just a couple of years ago. 


 Source: Chesapeake Energy Corporation January 2017 Presentation 

 Source: Chesapeake Energy Corporation Analyst Day 2016 Presentation I'm using the Haynesville as a case study to show how Chesapeake was able to translate operational gains into two significant cash infusions. Cash infusions that can be used to right the ship and pay down debt. If it wasn't for these kinds of operational improvements, on top of reductions in its gathering & processing costs, Chesapeake's Haynesville sales price would have been much lower or a sale may have never materialized at all. A similar story played out in the emerging Meramec oil play up in the STACK, which has increasingly proven to be one of the best crude plays in America. Due to operational gains in the region Chesapeake was able to divest its relatively small position (42,000 net acres) in the play for a hefty sum ($470 million gross). However in this case, Chesapeake wasn't leading the charge as the firm played it slow, watched what its neighbors were doing, and replicated that success. The main difference between the Meramec and Haynesville divestitures is that the Haynesville will remain a key part of Chesapeake's operating base going forward while activity in the STACK has shifted completely away from the Meramec (as Chesapeake effectively divested its entire Meramec position) and towards other potentially lucrative plays like the Oswego. Where this can be replicated Going forward, the real question is where can Chesapeake Energy replicate this success. The company has done a great job of managing its maturities, especially for 2017 - 2018, but the firm is still guiding for a $400 million - $600 million outspend this year due largely to the increases in its capex budget to offset steep production declines. Chesapeake still needs cash injections to maintain and improve its financial status short of a major rally in energy prices.
 Several plays come to mind, but I would contend the Powder River Basin is the key region to watch. Home to several emerging and increasingly economical horizons, like the Sussex and Turner formations, Chesapeake has brought up this asset as a potential JV opportunity before. Chesapeake has 307,000 net acres in the PRB in Wyoming, ~80% of which is held by production (or held by the operator due to large parts of the position being on federal units). The company engaged in an acreage trade with RKI Exploration & Production back in 2014 which increased Chesapeake's PRB position by 66,000 net acres up to 388,000 net acres. More importantly, Chesapeake's average working interest rose from 38% to 79%. Since then it appears its working interest increased marginally while its acreage position shrank, most likely due to minor divestments. With a significantly larger working interest and operatorship of the vast majority of its PRB position, Chesapeake put itself into a position where it could form a joint venture to exploit a largely underdeveloped play fairly easily if it wanted to. Theoretically, Chesapeake could split its working interest with another upstream firm or an investment entity looking to bet on rising crude prices. Forming a joint venture in the Powder River Basin could both reduce the amount of capital Chesapeake has to deploy to appraise its position (as most of the costs are split between the two main parties) while speeding up the appraisal process and raising a meaningful amount of cash that could be put to good use. Other players like EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG) and Devon Energy (NYSE:DVN) are beginning to add rigs to the area again, indicating there is legitimate interest in the PRB. Chesapeake restarted its drilling activity in the Powder River Basin last year by deploying one rig to the area in November 2016. Due to the various operational improvements the industry has locked in since the downturn, Chesapeake thinks the Sussex play could sport a breakeven level at a realized oil price south of $40/barrel and that additional activity could lead to the Turner play sporting a breakeven rate around $40/barrel (assuming $3/Mcf natural gas prices).
 It's worth noting that these are realized oil prices, which means investors have to also factor in the ~$4-5/barrel differential for sweet Wyoming crude relative to West Texas Intermediate pricing. Reading into Chesapeake's forecast, it would be more realistic to assume that a $45 WTI price is what would begin placing the Sussex play into the economical category, while other PRB opportunities become interesting in a $50+ WTI environment. Chesapeake has already realized significant operational gains in the PRB, on top of reducing its midstream rates in the region, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. In the Sussex sandstone play where Chesapeake is going to focus most of its attention this year, if the firm could move the bottom of its EUR (estimated ultimate recovery) guidance, which is currently at 825 MBOE - 1,350 MBOE, to something closer to 1,000 MBOE that would bode very well for its expected drilling returns. Sussex wells sport production mixes that are weighted 65% towards liquids (primarily crude), making it an ideal play to bank on rising oil prices. The Turner sandstone play paints a similar bull thesis with a roughly 50% oil mix, but Chesapeake's Turner position is in the unproven southern part of the play. Management is optimistic that this region will generate even more productive wells as reservoir pressure is much higher in the south than in the north, but keep in mind these wells will be more expensive as they have to be drilled deeper down into the Earth. This is where operational gains in the Powder River Basin would really generate some upside, as a significant Turner growth runway could be very appealing to the right buyer. It comes down to how successful Chesapeake is at optimizing its Turner completion strategy, which hopefully management will provide some updates on later this year. There are other plays to keep on your radar in the Powder River Basin, but these are the two that a potential JV partner or buyer would be most interested in. If Chesapeake is able to realize meaningful operational improvements in the PRB on top of what it has accomplished already, this asset will become exponentially more valuable, particularly in light of the current macro environment.
 

 Source: Chesapeake Energy Corporation January 2017 Presentation Final thoughts As signs are emerging that the OPEC/non-OPEC deal is materializing in a concrete way, it appears oil markets are entering the recovery phase. That isn't to imply crude prices will shoot through the roof, but a rough $50 floor for WTI seems to be in place for now. Private equity firms have already begun taking note of this and may be interested in underdeveloped but interesting plays like the Turner and the Sussex, especially considering Sussex wells start yielding 50% - 70% returns in a ~$60 WTI world. Chesapeake Energy Corporation was able to effectively convert improvements in its Haynesville division into two major cash infusions, which will be added to its balance sheet this quarter. There are reasons to believe that restarting drilling activity in the Powder River Basin may enable the firm to replicate its success, with a JV seeming to be the most likely scenario but an outright sale is also possible considering management's plan to cut debt through divestments. However, it won't be until Chesapeake Energy proves the potential of the PRB (particularly the southern Turner play) that buyers and partners will become interested. This is a process that will take time, possibly several quarters if not years, but is worth keeping in mind when considering where and how Chesapeake Energy Corporation plans to raise $2 billion - $3 billion to retire debt through 2020. 


 Source: Chesapeake Energy Corporation January 2017 Presentation Investors looking to read more a bit more about Chesapeake Energy Corporation's PRB position should click here, and to check out what to look out for before the firm posts Q4 earnings later this month should read this article here.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500. Become a contributor »Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Basic Materials, Independent Oil & Gas, Changing Market, Deep value, Deleveraging, DivestitureProblem with this article? Please tell us. Disagree with this article? Submit your own.Top Authors|RSS Feeds|Sitemap|About Us|Contact UsTerms of Use|Privacy|Xignite quote data|© 2017 Seeking Alpha






