










 


close




 


TV Recaps
TV
Movies
Music
Books
News
Theater
Gaming
Winter TV
Video
Newsletters
 
Stay Connected















Subscribe
Customer Service
Get the Magazine
Get a Digital Subscription
Give A Gift Subscription
Order Past Issues

Advertise With Us
Online
Magazine

Learn More
Site Map
Terms of Service
Your California Privacy Rights


Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



Skip to content




 














TV
TV Recaps
Movies
Music
Books
News
Theater
 



 








TVLena Dunham: 'Soul-crushing pain' of Trump's election made me lose weight
Rachel DeSantis•@Santis_DeRachelPosted on February 6, 2017 at 1:20pm EST 
ShareTweetEmail 





 




 



John Lamparski/WireImage



Most people turn to diets and exercise to lose extra pounds, but Girls star Lena Dunham is sharing a new weight-loss trick you may not want to try at home.
Dunham stopped by Howard Stern’s SiriusXM radio show Monday morning and revealed that she has none other than Donald Trump to thank for her slim figure.
“Donald Trump became president and I stopped being able to eat food,” she told Stern after he complimented her look. “Everyone’s been asking like, ‘What have you been doing?’ And I’m like, ‘Try soul-crushing pain and devastation and hopelessness and you, too, will lose weight.'”
The actress, who was on hand to promote the upcoming sixth and final season of Girls, has not been shy about her dislike for the President, and apparently, the feeling is mutual.
“He said I was a B-list actor with no mojo,” Dunham told Stern, who followed up by asking if it was a mistake for someone with responsibilities as great as Trump’s to pay such close attention to celebrities.
“Here’s the funny thing. Of course, it’s a mistake, but we’re talking about him like he’s a person who is operating in a sane way, we’re talking about him like a person who doesn’t have a personality disorder,” she responded.
Dunham, who famously pledged a move to Canada if Trump won the election, also clarified those comments to Stern, saying that, at the time, a Trump win “seemed like an impossible joke” that “would never happen. I was like, ‘The most qualified candidate we’ve ever had is running against a steak salesman. We’re going to be fine.'”
This is the second time in a week Dunham has spoken out on Trump, though on Wednesday, she expressed a desire to avoid insulting his appearance.

“All he does is talk about women like they’re objects,” she said at TimesTalks: A Final Farewell to the Cast of Girls. “It doesn’t reclaim our power to talk about him like he’s an object. It doesn’t reclaim our power to insult his physicality.”


Show Full Article










				Sponsored Stories			









Comments


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.




 








				More from EW			








 
 
Ellen interrogates Jennifer Lopez about Drake, dating younger men





 
 
'Shadowhunters': Katherine McNamara, Alberto Rosende break down that Climon moment





 
 
'Supergirl': What's next for Alex and Maggie?








 
 
Dan Bucatinsky reveals which '24: Legacy' scene got cut from episode 4





 
 
Fox News host Brenda Buttner dies at 55



See More Stories






Most Popular





 
1
'The Walking Dead': Norman Reedus on that big Daryl–Carol reunion








 
2
David Cassidy reveals he is battling dementia








 
3
How 'The Good Fight' premiere remembered Alicia and Will








 
4
'The Walking Dead': Josh McDermitt recaps 'New Best Friends'








 
5
Meet Jadis: New 'Walking Dead' cast member Pollyanna McIntosh speaks!














				See Also			
























 














 All products featured were editorially selected. EW.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links.
Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
 













Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
















 


