





To see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please enable your Javascript!





      





						      Home       Contact Us     Tip Us: info@tori.ng or SMS: 07038916577  
					

Why Eating Catfish is Very Dangerous for Your Health - Medical Expert Makes RevelationsHoly Smoke! You Won't Believe That this S*xy Woman With Mouthwatering Curves is a 63-year-old Grandmother20 Years After, Otokoto Ritual Killer in Owerri Finally Executed: Here are 20 Things to Know About the Hanged ConvictMeet the Lady Who Doesn't Have Hands But Paints Perfectly Well With Her Toes (Photos)



    Home    
   Politics    
   World     
  Entertainment  
  Lifestyle  
    Tech     
    Sports     
    Metro     
    Weird     
    Video     

















 


Follow @Tori_nigeria 





Get Latest Tori News Alert!Enter your email below. 




Delivered by FeedBurner



 




 Hot Stories
Erotic Story: Bimbo and Her Big Ass Problems

Shame as Horny Crowd Strip Female Thief N*ked and Publicly Assault Her (Photos)

Wow! 32-year-old Blind Man Becomes Secondary School Teacher in Borno... Check oOut How it Happened 

#BBNaija: See Lovely and Adorable Photos of Bisola and Her Daughter Rocking Matching Outfits

UPDATE: FX Sales at Airports, School/Medical Fees & More: Full Details of CBN's Announced New Forex Policy

Terrifying Moment Giant Python Eats Crocodile Alive (Watch Video)

Big Brother Naija: See the Weird Kiss Between Housemates that Got People Talking (Photos)

Bank Workers Forced Out As Enugu Government Seals Off Access, Stanbic IBTC, Skye Bank and Five Other Top Banks in the State (See Photos)

BREAKING News: Central Bank of Nigeria Announces New Foreign Exchange Policy

Fifty & Fabulous: Popular Reality TV Star Strips Completely N*ked to Celebrate 50th Birthday (Photo)

End Time: Sheep with 'Six Legs' Birthed in Niger State (Photos)

Oh No! 10 APC Chieftains Injured as Thugs Invade Governor-Elect's Inauguration Meeting in Ondo...Shocking Details

18-year-old 'Evil' Housekeeper Stabs Employer's Old Mother to Death in Lagos

See The Poorly Built House Where Former NNPC Boss, Andrew Yakubu Hid Over N3bn 

Seductive Lady Who Allegedly Crashed Tonto Dikeh's Marriage Soars High as Tonto 'Weeps' (Photos)

How I Used Ropes as Belts and Drank Garri Every Day - UNN Best Graduating Student Tells His Story (Photo)

Angry Port Harcourt-based Pastor Places Curse on Sponsors of Big Brother Naija

Warning! Is Your Appendix About to Burst? These Are 5 Signs You Cannot Joke With

What Will Happen to a Man's P*nis Without Regular Erection? Researchers Reveal

'2Face Idibia' and Other Poor Nigerian Masses Visit Buhari in London (Hilarious Photos)

When Osinbajo Gives Instruction, Some People Run to Buhari in London - Abdulmumin Jibrin Reveals

Meet the Young Lady Who 'Died and Returned Back from the Dead' (Photo) 

I Am Not Part of The Aso Rock Cabal - Governor El-rufai

Fulani Herdsmen Reportedly Attack Villages In Kaduna, Kill Many People and Burn Down Houses (Photos)

How 108 Former Governors Got Billions as Pension With Each Getting At Least N200million

Zimbabwe's First Man to Undergo a S*x Change to Become a Woman Stuns the Nation Again with HIV News

Tragedy! Governor Lalong's Deputy Chief of Staff, Slumps and Dies 

President in Shock as Popular Pastor Reveals the Presence of Witchcraft Inside the State House... See Details 

Kwara LG Pensioners Start 7-Day Fasting and Prayer Over Unpaid Pensions, Gratuities 

Housemaid Absconds with Her Boss' 12-year-old Daughter in Lagos (Photos) 

Oh No! Marriage Collapses After Wife Sleeps with Four Men in Revenge (Photos)

BREAKING News: Controversy as Police Barricade, Seal-off Venue for PDP Stakeholders Meeting in Abuja

Too Pretty to Work! Meet the Lady Who Got Sacked From Her Job Because She Was 'Too Good Looking' 

What a Miracle God! After 19-years of Having 9 Miscarriages and 4 IVFs, Lady Finally Conceives Naturally (Photos)

Nigeria's Power Output Improves to a New 4,000 MW...See Details

Hot Photo of Sexy Akara Seller Trends Online ( See Photos)

27-year-old Popular Gospel Singer Controversially Marries Woman Who is Almost Twice His Age (Photos+Video)

So Abnormal! Meet the Married Woman Who Faints Every Time She Has S*x With Her Husband (Photos) 

See List of Things Osinbajo Has Done in One Month of Buhari's Absence 

Shock as Missing Grandmother is Found Inside Shallow Grave...You Won't Believe Who Killed Her (Photo)

5 Months After His Death, 16 Children of Billionaire Businessman, Ibru Fight Dirty Over Properties...See Details

Shocking! Man Beats Up Neighbour's Corpse After Finding Out He Slept with His Wife (Photo)

Nigerian Drug Smuggler Arrested in India With 1.55kg of Heroin (Photo)

Omg! Woman Who Thought Her Boyfriend Was Snoring, Kicks Him Out of Bed Only to Discover This Shocking Thing

Just In : See Photos of Man Attempting to Commit Suicide at a Pedestrian Bridge in Lagos

'Yahoo Yahoo' Masquerade Spotted at Lagos Cyber Cafe Seriously Chatting with His 'Client' (Photos)

The President Will Die in Office Unless I'm Not Called by God - Popular Prophet Speaks Out

Serious Drama as Woman Stabs Husband After Catching Him Bonking a Man in Their Matrimonial Home 

Breaking News: Drama as UNIABUJA Students Angrily Take Over Airport Road...See Details 

Naira Crashes Badly in the Black Market Over the Weekend... See Current Value
 Recent Stories
6 'Facts' About Protein You Should Stop Believing

Economic Recession? Popular Bank Sacks 40 Staff in Akwa Ibom

Shame as Horny Crowd Strip Female Thief N*ked and Publicly Assault Her (Photos)

See the Controversial Sculpture Spotted in Benue That Has Got People Talking (Photos)

Commotion in Broad Daylight as N*ked Man Appears From Nowhere, Jumps Into Moving Car (Photo)

Too Hilarious! MMM Chief Musician Has Given Up, Releases Remix of Famous Song as He Concedes Defeat (Watch)

Wow! 32-year-old Blind Man Becomes Secondary School Teacher in Borno... Check oOut How it Happened 

Fani Kayode Blasts Ben Bruce Over His Support for Ali Modu Sheriff... See Details

Sports Betting Agent Lands in 'Hot Soup' After Stabbing His Customer to Death in Lagos

#BBNaija: See Lovely and Adorable Photos of Bisola and Her Daughter Rocking Matching Outfits
 









 
Gov. Fayose and Others Want Me Dead - Senator Buruji Kashamu Raises AlarmPosted by George on Tue 07th Feb, 2017 - tori.ng
The cold war between People's Democratic Party chieftains, Fayose and Buruji has been intensified with grave allegations. 
 
Kashamu Buruji
 
Senator Buruji Kashamu, representing Ogun East Senatorial District in the National Assembly, has alleged that Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose wants him dead.
 
Kashamu who made the allegation in an interview with New Telegraph, said it was unfortunate that certain persons do not like others who have genuine interest towards the plight of the poor.
 
“Some politicians believe I am too powerful, popular and influential. There is no way you will be in politics, especially at my level and not step on toes,” he said.
 
“So, all those intimidated by the unsolicited influence and popularity which naturally comes because of ones generosity to people, are always trying to use things against me.


“They want my enemy to die, they desire terrible thing for the enemy of Kashamu not me, but I thank God for always keeping and protecting me, regardless of the machinations of enemies.”
 
Asked to be specific on those he was referring, Kashamu replied: “They are many and they are everywhere. They are in Ogun State, they are everywhere. I do know that the Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose is one of them.”
 
“I don’t know what went wrong between us but he talks too much. He hurls insults at government and leaders. Instead of him to go and fight for the interest of Yoruba, he is after his own interest.”
 
Kashamu further accused Fayose of sponsoring media campaign against him so as to pressurize the federal government to extradite him.
 
He inisisted that the NDLEA does not have the power under the law to extradite anybody but the Attorney General of the Federation.
 
“If the courts in United Kingdom and Nigeria have exonerated me, then what is the agency talking about? It is supposed to defend the law of our country through the rulings of the court.
 
“If it can’t do that, what is it doing there then. This same NDLEA participated in the same case where I was exonerated in London, it gave evidence in London in my favour, and it sent one of their staff to London as witness.


“In another suit in Lagos, I took them to court. When I came, NDLEA was there and it swore to an affidavit in the court saying I was not involved in drug and that the United States was not looking for me.


“So, how can it now turn around and start saying the opposite. This same NDLEA is aware that there is a treaty between Nigeria, Unites States and the United Kingdom.


“A part of the treaty says you cannot extradite someone who is not a fugitive. Of course, I am not a fugitive, I’ve never been to the United States in my life and I have never run away from this case. You’ve arrested me, I faced the case and won. You came here, you wanted to abduct me, the case went to court, I defeated you.


“I am not a fugitive, I don’t fall in that category. Also, the treaty said among the three countries where the treaty is binding, if you have arrested anyone whereby the person has been sentenced, exonerated or discharged of any similar case, you cannot bring an extradition case against that person in any of the remaining two countries.”
 




  




 









facebook










twitter















google+










linkedin








email




Top StoriesErotic Story: Bimbo and Her Big Ass ProblemsUPDATE: FX Sales at Airports, School/Medical Fees & More: Full Details of CBN's Announced New Forex PolicyBig Brother Naija: See the Weird Kiss Between Housemates that Got People Talking (Photos)Seductive Lady Who Allegedly Crashed Tonto Dikeh's Marriage Soars High as Tonto 'Weeps' (Photos)I Am Not Part of The Aso Rock Cabal - Governor El-rufai Popular StoriesOmg! Drama in Church as Pastor's Wife Storms Sunday Service to Expose His Affair With Choir Member20 Years After, Otokoto Ritual Killer in Owerri Finally Executed: Here are 20 Things to Know About the Hanged ConvictScientists Finally Uncover the Tomb that Held the Body of Jesus Christ for the First Time in Centuries (Photos)Drama as 7 Different Girls Celebrate National Boyfriend Day by Posting Photos of the Same Nigerian BoyfriendPopular University 'Happening Babe' Allegedly Turns Into Snake After Fun Night with Sugar Daddy (Photos)  Stories from this CategoryNigeria-China Trade Declines By 79% In 2016Fani Kayode Blasts Ben Bruce Over His Support for Ali Modu Sheriff... See DetailsAdolf Hitler's 'Evil' Phone Finally Sold for $243,000 in the U.S (Photo)Why I Won't Handover to Drunkards, Indian Hemp Smokers or Gamblers - Gov. Ibrahim GaidamWe Won't Allow Buhari to be Humiliated - Dogara Talks on 2017 Budget Recent StoriesErotic Story: Bimbo and Her Big Ass ProblemsUPDATE: FX Sales at Airports, School/Medical Fees & More: Full Details of CBN's Announced New Forex PolicyUnbelievable! How a Lagos Muslim Cleric Shaved the Pubic Hair of a Teenage Girl and Penetrated Her Touch Your Toe, Doggie Style, Ghost Rider & More: Nigerians Reveal Their Favourite S*x Positions on InstagramShock as Mystery Man is Found Hanging from a Tree in Niger  
 





Home | About Us | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms Of service |  Advertise With Us | facebook | Twitter | Google+
Copyright © 2017. Tori.ng - All rights reserved 
 









