























NewsElection 2016
Americas
UK
World
Europe
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1
WWE

CultureFilm
TV
Music
Books

LifestyleFashion
Food + drink
Travel
Health + families
Love + sex

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

US election
Daily EditionSubscribe for a free trial
Read Now

 




 





 




UK Edition 


US Edition 





Sign in
Register
Subscriptions
 






 





 NewsElection 2016
World
US
UK
Europe
People
Science
Health
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Cricket
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1

CultureBooks
Film
TV
Music
Art
Theatre & Dance
Comedy

LifestyleFood & drink
Health & families
Love & sex
Motoring
Student
Travel
Fashion

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

VideoExplainer videos
News videos
People & culture videos
Sport videos

IndyBestFashion & Beauty
Homes & Design
Food & Drink
Gadgets & Tech
Outdoor & Activity
Arts & Books
Travel

MoneyHealth insurance
Investments

ExtrasThe Independent Books
Puzzles
indy100
Apps
Ebooks
iJobs
Dating

 
Follow us:

















We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.

 








NewsUKUK Politics
Doctors accuse Theresa May of being ‘in denial’ over NHS hospital crisis

Prime Minister in danger of being ‘economical with truth’ on NHS funding, say health union bosses



Katie Forster


@katieforster

Sunday 8 January 2017 15:19 GMT







Click to followIndy Politics















 
        Prime Minister Theresa May arrives at Sky News in London PA Wire/PA Images 




Healthcare unions have disputed the pertinence of Theresa May’s claim that NHS funding is at record levels, saying she is in “denial” over overwhelming demand and bed shortages.
The Prime Minister rejected a warning from British Red Cross that hospitals are facing a “humanitarian crisis” after the organisation stepped in to support the overstretched health service.
Ms May acknowledged the NHS was under pressure but told Sky News the Government was addressing the issue of an ageing population, adding that health funding was at record levels.

Read more

Theresa May rejects claims of 'humanitarian crisis' in NHS hospitals
NHS spends millions on private companies that block GP referrals
Jeremy Hunt ‘hiding’ as Red Cross declares NHS ‘humanitarian crisis’


“We asked the NHS a while back to set out what it needed over the next five years in terms of its plan for the future and the funding that it would need. They did that, we gave them that funding, in fact we gave them more funding than they required,” she said.
“Funding is now at record levels for the NHS, more money has been going in.”
But Mark Porter, council chair of the British Medical Association, said spiralling patient numbers and the lack of additional funding provided for health and social care meant the service was still struggling in real terms.
Rehana Azam, head of public services at GMB, the largest union in the ambulance services, told The Independent Ms May’s comments carried a “level of denial”.
And Len McCluskey, General Secretary of Unite, said Ms May was “in danger of being ‘economical with the actualité’ on the issues of NHS funding”.




Theresa May avoids directly answering four questions in a row on Brexit
“Despite Theresa May’s claims that funding for the NHS is at record levels, the Red Cross intervention comes at a time when hospital beds have hit a record low, demand on the system is at a record high and general practice is struggling to cope with rising patient numbers,” Dr Porter told The Independent.
“Given that the NHS was facing the worst winter on record, the unacceptable absence of additional funding for health and social care in the Autumn Statement has only further exacerbated the crisis.”
Labour and the Liberal Democrats have called on Ms May and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to make an emergency statement on the issue in Parliament tomorrow.


Read more



Two patients die on trolleys in same A&E in week amid NHS pressure


Figures show A&E departments shut their doors to patients more than 140 times in December, while a third of NHS trusts in England have issued alerts as they are struggling to cope with demand, according to the Nuffield Trust.
The British Red Cross, which is helping at hospitals in the East Midlands, said the government should take immediate action to “stabilise” the health service after it emerged two patients died on trolleys in the A&E department of Worcestershire Royal hospital last week.
Dr Porter said Theresa May could not “continue to bury her head in the sand” as the situation worsened.
“We have seen no signs from the Prime Minister since taking office that she understands the gravity of the situation the NHS is facing,” said Mr Porter.
“The proportion of national income invested in healthcare in this country is lower than other leading nations and the government’s refusal to fill the black hole in NHS finances, as evidenced with lack of additional funding in the Autumn Statement, is betraying a population growing more anxious about an uncertain future.”
Head of public services at the GMB says Theresa May has a ‘level of denial’ (Getty)
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt was accused of “hiding” from the public eye during what the Society for Acute Medicine has warned could be the worst January the NHS has ever faced.
Mr Hunt has not yet issued a comment on the unfolding health service crisis.
“Where’s Jeremy Hunt in all of this?” said Ms Azam. “It’s the staff who are being let down, and it’s the public and the patients who are being let down.”


Read more



Corbyn says Theresa May must come to Parliament to explain NHS crisis


“There’s a level of denial here. It’s almost like Ms May doesn’t want to acknowledge the real problem, which is that a third of hospitals are on black alert because they’re overstretched, and the resources haven’t been put in over time.”
Ms Azam claimed NHS funding hadn’t kept in pace with inflation or demand.
“It’s brilliant that people live longer, but people have complex needs,” she said. “[The Leave campaign] lied about giving £350m a week to the NHS when the EU referendum was going on. Now, post-Brexit, you need to build a good country on proper public services.”


The 6 most important issues Theresa May needs to address

















6
show all







The 6 most important issues Theresa May needs to address














1/6

                      Brexit                  

The big one. Theresa May has spoken publicly three times since declaring her intent to stand in the Tory Leadership race, and each time she has said, ‘Brexit means Brexit.’ It sounds resolute, but it is helpful to her that Brexit is a made up word with no real meaning. She has said there will be ‘no second referendum’ and no re-entry in to the EU via the back door. But she, like the Leave campaign of which she was not a member, has pointedly not said with any precision what she thinks Brexit means

Reuters



2/6

                      General election                  

This is very much one to keep off the to do list. She said last week there would be ‘no general election’ at this time of great instability. But there have already been calls for one from opposition parties. The Fixed Term Parliaments Act of 2010 makes it far more difficult to call a snap general election, a difficulty she will be in no rush to overcome. In the event of a victory for Leadsom, who was not popular with her own parliamentary colleagues, an election might have been required, but May has the overwhelming backing of the parliamentary party

Getty



3/6

                      HS2                  

Macbeth has been quoted far too much in recent weeks, but it will be up to May to decide whether, with regard to the new high speed train link between London, Birmingham, the East Midlands and the north, ‘returning were as tedious as go o’er.’ Billions have already been spent. But the £55bn it will cost, at a bare minimum, must now be considered against the grim reality of significantly diminished public finances in the short to medium term at least. It is not scheduled to be completed until 2033, by which point it is not completely unreasonable to imagine a massive, driverless car-led transport revolution having rendered it redundant

EPA



4/6

                      Heathrow expansion                  

Or indeed Gatwick expansion. Or Boris Island, though that option is seems as finished as the man himself. The decision on where to expand aviation capacity in the south east has been delayed to the point of becoming a national embarrassment. A final decision was due in autumn. Whatever is decided, there will be vast opprobrium

PA



5/6

                      Trident renewal                  

David Cameron indicated two days ago that there will be a Commons vote on renewing Britain’s nuclear deterrent on July 18th, by which point we now know, Ms May will be Prime Minister. The Labour Party is, to put it mildly, divided on the issue. This will be an early opportunity to maximise their embarrassment, and return to Tory business as usual

EPA



6/6

                      Scottish Independence                  

Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP are in no doubt that the Brexit vote provides the opportunity for a second independence referendum, in which they can emerge victorious. The Scottish Parliament at Holyrood has the authority to call a second referendum, but Ms May and the British Parliament are by no means automatically compelled to accept the result. She could argue it was settled in 2014

AFP/Getty






Ms May said that an ageing population “brings pressures, particularly in the interface between the health service and social care”.
“We have taken some immediate steps in relation to that issue, but we are also looking to ensure best practice in the NHS and looking for a long-term solution to what has been a problem that has been ducked by government over the years,” she told Sky’s Sophy Ridge.
Mr McCluskey told The Independent: “The PM is in danger of being ‘economic with the actualité’ on the issues of NHS funding. Health economists have consistently said that by forcing the NHS to make £20 billion in savings by 2020, the government is driving this service into crisis.
“The government knows all too well that the funding for the service falls far short of what is needed to meet the challenges presented by the monstrous debts carried by hospital trusts, from an ageing population and from the pitiful absence of a reliable, decent social care service, which is urgently needed to take the pressure off the frontline NHS.”



              More about:
            
Theresa May
NHS
Social care
Bed blocking
Hospitals
Health
GMB
Unison
BMA


Reuse content










 


 



 

Comments














Most Popular








Video




Sponsored Features













Follow us:







User Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
Contributors
All Topics
Archive
Newsletters
Jobs
Subscriptions
Advertising Guide
Syndication
Evening Standard
Novaya Gazeta
Install our Apps
 
 
 
 
 


 










Close



We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.
Thank you for your support.
 


How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk
 Adblock / Adblock Plus

Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar.
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

Click the Ghostery icon.
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list.
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted".
Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

Click the uBlock icon.
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
Then reload the page.
 




Close



Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk 
Continue to our site





 





























