



 




 Menu
 Cart




About
Rentals
Calendar
Contact
Pictures




Continue Shopping
Your Cart is Empty























About
Rentals
Calendar
Contact
Pictures










Home 
        /  
      
Products

        /   
      Rebecca Noelle, Tara Holloway & Sammi Morelli
    


















February 18th, 2017

Rebecca Noelle, Tara Holloway & Sammi Morelli




Sold Out










Notify me when this product is available:







Three of Ontario's most powerful vocalists, Rebecca Noelle, Tara Holloway & Sammi Morelli, bring an electrifying night of original music to LIVE! on Elgin for one night only.
Rebecca Noelle:Blessed with a searing three octave vocal range, Rebecca Noelle has had the privilege and versatility to try her hand at just about every musical style she wanted to over the years. But it’s her natural affinity for Soul, that has set this stunning singer apart. With a sultry voice that is simply unforgettable, Noelle brings to mind some of the artists of whom she has been influenced by over the years – Etta James, Jay Kay (Jamiroquai) and k.d. Lang. Noelle also has a natural charisma and confidence as she struts around onstage that bring to mind performers like Tina Turner and Mick Jagger.
www.rebeccanoelle.com/
Tara Holloway:Tara Holloway’s voice can stop you dead in your tracks. It’s a towering instrument: raw and soulfully weathered, yet capable of precise runs and pitch-perfect delicacy. In her latest release through Light Organ Records, Little Ghosts, Tara says she "wanted to find the common threads and the cohesion in my eclectic nature." You've heard several of her striking, soulful songs featured in Sons of Anarchy, From Prada to Nada and Dallas.... but nothing compares to hearing the real thing live.
www.taraholloway.com
Sammi Morelli:Sammi Morelli is an award-winning Canadian singer/songwriter who seamlessly blends multiple genres with her fierce voice, fresh lyrics & sticky hooks. On stage, whether solo or backed by her killer band, this “vivacious, engaging chanteuse" is truly electrifying. Winner of Best Female Vocalist at 2015's Niagara Music Awards, she's often likened to powerhouse artists like Adele & P!nk and is putting the final touches on exciting new music with Multi-platinum, juno-award winning Producer/Songwriter Ryan Stewart (Carly Rae Jepsen, Andrew Allen, Hedley, Simple Plan), coming soon!
www.sammimorellimusic.com
February 18th220 Elgin st. 2nd FloorDoors at 8:00pm | Showtime at 9pm$10 Advance | $15 Door





  Share: 

  

 
    

    
















News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …



















              © 2017 live on elgin.
              Designed and Developed by Pointer Creative.
            











                X
            










