





























 
 
The Best of Berlinale 2017 


 
 
The Century's Best Action Films 


 
 
The Best of Sundance 2017 



 
 
150 Films to See in 2017 


 
 
Our 50 Films of 2016 




Terrence Malick Speaks 



 
 
Stream the Best Films of 2016 


 
 
The Century's Best Comedies 


 
 
Examing Films of Brian De Palma 



 
 
This Century's Top Sci-Fi Films 


 
 
The Best of Cannes 2016 


 
 
Listen to The Film Stage Show 



 
 
This Century's Top 50 Animations 


 
 
Top Directors' Favorite Films 


 
 
Best Blu-ray Deals 



 
 
Top 50 Films of the Decade (So Far) 


 
 
The Best Filmmaking Docs 


 
 
Explore Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Commentary 



 
 
Dive into the history of film. 































« All News


Harmony Korine to Direct Matthew McConaughey in ‘The Beach Bum’

 Written by Jordan Raup on February 7, 2017 
												
						
















After creating not just a hit, but a film that seeped into the culture with Spring Breakers, Harmony Korine has had a difficult time getting his next project off the ground. There was his ambitious-sounding crime drama The Trap that never materialized and he still seems to be working on adaptation of the controversial Tampa. Half-a-decade later, it now looks like he’s found his next film and he’s already got a star attached.
Revealed at the European Film Market in Berlin, the film is titled The Beach Bum and will star Matthew McConaughey. The Interstellar star will play Moondog, “a rebellious and lovable rogue who lives life large,” who gets into “hilarious misadventures.” Knowing Korine, who also wrote the script, we can imagine there may be a darker and/or stranger side to the film, which will kick off shooting in July ahead of a likely 2018 premiere.
“In The Beach Bum, Harmony has crafted the perfect movie for our dark and serious time — a refreshingly original, irreverent, and hilarious stoner comedy that only he could create,” producer John Lesher says. “McConaughey’s Moondog character is pure charisma — a force of nature and an uncompromising maverick with a lust for life and everything it throws at him,” adds Thorsten Schumacher, who is handling international sales at Rocket Science.
The project should mark a coup for McConaughey, whose last few lead roles (Gold, The Sea of Trees, and Free State of Jones) signaled an end to the so-called McConaissance. As we await more casting and details, check out Korine’s latest work below, a pair of commercials. [Variety]




See More: Harmony Korine, Matthew McConaughey, The Beach Bum















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
blog comments powered by Disqus




















News
More





Watch an Hour-Long Documentary Roundtable with Werner Herzog, Kirsten Johnson, Raoul Peck & More





The Craft of David Fincher’s Music Videos





Watch Jean-Luc Godard’s Long-Unavailable 1955 Short ‘Une femme coquette’





‘Krisha’ Sweeps the Inaugural American Independent Film Awards






Trailers
More





Charlie Hunnam Fulfills His Prophecy in New Trailer for ‘King Arthur: Legend of the Sword’





Chloë Grace Moretz Can’t Trust Her Mind in First Trailer for ‘Brain on Fire’





Sally Hawkins Creates Art in First Trailer for ‘Maudie’





U.S. Trailer for Acclaimed Documentary ‘The Settlers’ Explores Life in the West Bank









Features
More





The Best Films at the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival






The Best Films at the 2017 Berlin International Film Festival
						
							We highlight our favorite films from this year's Berlinale.					



The Film Stage Show Ep. 228 – A Cure for Wellness
						
							We discuss Gore Verbinski's creepy thriller on the latest show.					



‘Hot Fuzz’ and Edgar Wright’s Art of Perfect Parody
						
							As Hot Fuzz turns 10, we reflect on how it's a true parody film with contemporary relevance. 					



New to Streaming: ‘Moonlight,’ ‘Allied,’ ‘Fire at Sea,’ ‘Doctor Strange,’ and More
						
							All the newly streaming films on Netflix, FilmStruck, Amazon, and more.					




Twitter
 Follow



Tweets by @TheFilmStage















 


















© 2008-2016 The Film Stage. All rights reserved. | About | Privacy | Terms of Use | Advertising | Staff | Contact | RSS Feed
Follow us on: Twitter | Facebook

Latest posts from The Film Stage

Watch an Hour-Long Documentary Roundtable with Werner Herzog, Kirsten Johnson, Raoul Peck & MoreCharlie Hunnam Fulfills His Prophecy in New Trailer for ‘King Arthur: Legend of the Sword’The Craft of David Fincher’s Music VideosThe Best Films at the 2017 Berlin International Film FestivalChloë Grace Moretz Can’t Trust Her Mind in First Trailer for ‘Brain on Fire’Watch Jean-Luc Godard’s Long-Unavailable 1955 Short ‘Une femme coquette’Sally Hawkins Creates Art in First Trailer for ‘Maudie’ 




















