





CALIFORNIA'Flood fighting is in our DNA': To live by the Feather River is to know its power and danger








BUSINESS 



Labor nominee Puzder admits to employing a housekeeper who was in the U.S. illegally




      Trump's Labor secretary nominee admitted to employing a housekeeper who was an immigrant in the U.S. illegally Puzder’s confirmation hearing has been delayed four times over eight weeks. Puzder’s confirmation hearing has been delayed four times over eight weeks. 
Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter




Andy Puzder, President Trump’s nominee for Labor secretary, admitted to employing a housekeeper who was an immigrant in the U.S. illegally, raising another potential problem for his confirmation amid Democratic criticism of his treatment of workers.“My wife and I employed a housekeeper for a few years, during which I was unaware that she was not legally permitted to work in the U.S.,” Puzder said in a written statement provided by a spokesman.
“When I learned of her status, we immediately ended her employment and offered her assistance in getting legal status. We have fully paid back taxes to the IRS and the state of California,” said Puzder, who is chief executive of CKE Restaurants Inc., the Carpinteria-based parent of the Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s fast-food chains. The housekeeper was employed by Puzder about five years ago, said the spokesman, George Thompson. Puzder paid the back taxes after Trump picked him for Labor secretary in early December, Thompson said.

The Huffington Post first reported the development.Although such revelations have torpedoed past nominees, the chairman of the Senate committee that will consider Puzder’s nomination said he did not think it would be a major issue.
   Andy Puzder, Donald Trump's Labor secretary pick, has a rock 'n' roll past in Ohio Daniel Miller Fast-food executive Andy Puzder, who is President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to be Labor secretary, could soon find himself meeting regularly at the White House. That’s a long way from the Cleveland bars where his rock bands played back in the 1960s. Puzder, 66, the chief executive of Carl’s Jr....  Fast-food executive Andy Puzder, who is President-elect Donald Trump’s choice to be Labor secretary, could soon find himself meeting regularly at the White House. That’s a long way from the Cleveland bars where his rock bands played back in the 1960s. Puzder, 66, the chief executive of Carl’s Jr.... (Daniel Miller) “Based upon what I’ve learned, since Mr. Puzder reported his mistake and voluntarily corrected it, I do not believe that this should disqualify him from being a Cabinet secretary,” said Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee.Employing an immigrant who is in the country illegally sank President Clinton’s nomination of Zoe Baird to be attorney general in 1993 and then led a possible replacement, Kimba Wood, to withdraw from consideration. 

In 2001, Linda Chavez, President George W. Bush’s nominee for Labor secretary, withdrew over questions about whether she had employed an immigrant who was in the country illegally and disclosures that the FBI was trying to determine whether she had tried to influence what a former neighbor would tell investigators during a background check.Three years later, Bernard Kerik, Bush’s nominee for Homeland Security secretary, withdrew after saying he had learned a former household employee might have been in the United States illegally. Kerik also was dealing with negative news reports about his business dealings. But Wilbur Ross, Trump’s nominee for Commerce secretary, sailed through his confirmation hearing despite admitting that he recently had fired a household worker after, he said, he learned the employee was in the United States illegally.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) noted there’s been “no clear pattern” in whether employing a worker in the U.S. illegally has led to a nominee’s withdrawal. But his support for Puzder was unshaken.“He realized the mistake. He fixed it and I think is eminently qualified for the job,” McConnell told reporters. “I'm enthusiastically in his camp.”However, Sen. Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.), a member of the committee that will vote on Puzder’s nomination, said there is more concern about a potential Labor secretary employing an immigrant in the United States illegally because that job involves enforcing federal labor laws.”It’s the same level of disregard his company had for labor laws,” she said of employing the housekeeper.Democrats have criticized Puzder for running restaurant chains where Labor Department investigations have turned up violations of labor laws. An analysis by Bloomberg BNA found that about 60% of Labor Department investigations of Carl’s Jr. and Hardee’s restaurants since 2009 turned up at least one violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act, which covers minimum wage, overtime and other regulations. But Puzder’s supporters note that was one of the best performances by leading fast-food outlets.Puzder’s confirmation hearing has been delayed four times as senators await his financial disclosures and ethics paperwork from the Office of Government Ethics.“I’m not sure we’re ever going to get to a hearing,” said Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), another committee member. “There’s an accumulation of issues with him.”Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.), the top Democrat on the committee, did not address the housekeeper issue directly Tuesday. But she said Puzder had “a lot of explaining to do.” “Eight weeks and four canceled hearing dates since his nomination was announced, we still have yet to see a single shred of paperwork from Mr. Puzder — but what we have heard is story after story about how he spent his career squeezing workers for profit, leaving many with lost wages, no financial security and no retirement,” she said.“Simply put, Mr. Puzder’s nomination is a broken promise to the workers President Trump said he would put first, and if Mr. Puzder ever does come before our committee, he’s going to have a lot of explaining to do,” Murray said.Christine Owens, executive director of the National Employment Law Project, which advocates for the rights of low-wage workers, said Puzder’s statement about the housekeeper raised more questions than answers.“Individuals only pay ‘back taxes’ when they’ve failed to pay them in the first place,” she said. “Did Mr. Puzder, an employer and a seasoned lawyer, not know he had to pay taxes?”The delayed confirmation hearing has led to speculation Puzder might be having second thoughts about the nomination. But his spokesman said Tuesday that Puzder remained “all in” on serving as Labor secretary.





      Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss An overflowing dam threatens homes in Northern California, Adele's big night at the Grammys, Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn resigns, Federal officials say they haven't broadened the scope of immigration enforcement raids, Enrique Marquez Jr. didn't take part in the San Bernardino shooting on Dec. 2, 2015.,Russia denies that intelligence agents were in contact with Trump's campaign team, and when the pastor at a Texas church urged his congregation to embrace refugees, 300 members left.  An overflowing dam threatens homes in Northern California, Adele's big night at the Grammys, Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn resigns, Federal officials say they haven't broadened the scope of immigration enforcement raids, Enrique Marquez Jr. didn't take part in the San Bernardino shooting on Dec. 2, 2015.,Russia denies that intelligence agents were in contact with Trump's campaign team, and when the pastor at a Texas church urged his congregation to embrace refugees, 300 members left.   






      Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss An overflowing dam threatens homes in Northern California, Adele's big night at the Grammys, Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn resigns, Federal officials say they haven't broadened the scope of immigration enforcement raids, Enrique Marquez Jr. didn't take part in the San Bernardino shooting on Dec. 2, 2015.,Russia denies that intelligence agents were in contact with Trump's campaign team, and when the pastor at a Texas church urged his congregation to embrace refugees, 300 members left.  An overflowing dam threatens homes in Northern California, Adele's big night at the Grammys, Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn resigns, Federal officials say they haven't broadened the scope of immigration enforcement raids, Enrique Marquez Jr. didn't take part in the San Bernardino shooting on Dec. 2, 2015.,Russia denies that intelligence agents were in contact with Trump's campaign team, and when the pastor at a Texas church urged his congregation to embrace refugees, 300 members left.         Caption Landslide threatens homes, fire station and major road in San Bernardino County mountains Surveillance video footage shows the moment a hillside in the San Bernardino County mountains crumbles, sending rocks and snow into a drainage area below. Surveillance video footage shows the moment a hillside in the San Bernardino County mountains crumbles, sending rocks and snow into a drainage area below.        Caption Fallen tree in Alhambra Alhambra Resident Sergio Aguierre talks about a tree that fell and smashed into power lines on Jackson Avenue during the storm Friday. Alhambra Resident Sergio Aguierre talks about a tree that fell and smashed into power lines on Jackson Avenue during the storm Friday.        Caption Strongest storm in years hits Southern California A storm that officials said could be the strongest in years moved into Southern California on Friday. A storm that officials said could be the strongest in years moved into Southern California on Friday.        Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss At a press conference, President Trump shrugged off a rocky start. An executive order has been drafted to end protection for 'Dreamers,' who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. New York real estate scion Robert Durst confessed to killing a writer, a witness said in court. The Governors Ball after the Oscars will be decked out for the stars. At a press conference, President Trump shrugged off a rocky start. An executive order has been drafted to end protection for 'Dreamers,' who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. New York real estate scion Robert Durst confessed to killing a writer, a witness said in court. The Governors Ball after the Oscars will be decked out for the stars. 
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com

Twitter: @JimPuzzangheraALSO:
3 things to watch as Disney reports first-quarter earningsCBS serves up 'comfort food' on Friday nights and it's paying offColumn: Are you being ripped off on Internet speeds? Lawsuit says yesUPDATES:3:05 p.m.: This article was updated to note that Andy Puzder paid back taxes related to his housekeeper’s employment after Trump chose him for Labor secretary.1:50 p.m.: This article was updated with comments from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.).12:40 p.m.: This article was updated with comments from Sens. Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.) and Tim Kaine (D-Va.) and from Christine Owens of the National Employment Law Project.This article originally was published at 8:05 a.m.

Privacy Policy
Copyright
            © 2017, Los Angeles Times
 Andy Puzder Donald Trump Mitch McConnell U.S. Senate Timothy M. Kaine Patty Murray Internal Revenue Service
















Gunman who killed Whittier officer had fatally shot another man hours earlier, police say

It's legal for an immigration agent to pretend to be a police officer outside someone's door. But should it be?

Baffled Sweden asks Trump to explain terror remarks




















Most PopularLocalSportsEntertainmentPoliticsOpinionPlace An Ad
60°





















