







M³
CLL
Events
Whitepapers
The Next Platform







































                Data Center
            

                Software
            

                Security
            

                Transformation
            

                DevOps
            

                Business
            

                Personal Tech
            

                Science
            

                Emergent Tech
            

                Bootnotes
            













                            Alerts
                        



                            Newsletters
                        





Java and Python have unpatched firewall-crossing FTP SNAFU



Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch



BS Detection 101 becomes actual University subject



NZ High Court rules US can extradite Kim Dotcom after all







                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Networks
                        



                            Virtualization
                        



                            BOFH
                        





Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch



The stunted physical SAN market – Dell man gives Wikibon forecasts his blessing



Surprise! HPE says nothing about ProLiant server hardware for SimpliVity OmniCubes



DraaS-tic times call for DraaS-tic measures in VMware's cloud








BS Detection 101 becomes actual University subject



Ditching your call centre for an app? Be careful not to get SAP-slapped



'At least I can walk away with my dignity' – Streetmap founder after Google lawsuit loss



Love lambda, love Microsoft's Graph Engine. But you fly alone








Java and Python have unpatched firewall-crossing FTP SNAFU



Is your child a hacker? Liverpudlian parents get warning signs checklist



Beeps, roots and leaves: Car-controlling Android apps create theft risk



Connected car in the second-hand lot? Don't buy it if you're not hack-savvy








Hyperconverged market gets hyper-competitive as new riders enter field



Cloud industry body sets up new data protection code



World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017



Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world'








GitLab invokes the startup defence to explain data loss woes



With nearly 1m users on its books, DigitalOcean touts load balancers



Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers



Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin







                            Policy
                        



                            The Channel
                        





Australia commences critical infrastructure protection consultation



Software glitch, not wind farms, blacked out 60,000 in South Australia



NZ High Court rules US can extradite Kim Dotcom after all



BT and Virgin Media claim 'broadband' tax will cost £1.3bn








Huge if true: iPhone 8 will feature 3D selfies, rodent defibrillator



Nokia's 3310 revival – what's NEXT? Vote now



Standards Australia might send Tesla's PowerWalls outside



Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





SpaceX blasts back into the rocket trucking business



Jun-OH-NO! NASA's Jupiter probe in busted helium-valve drama



Dead cockroaches make excellent magnets – now what are we supposed to do with this info?



Baby supernova spotted, just three hours old and a real cutie







                            Artificial Intelligence
                        



                            Internet of Things
                        





NZ firm tucks into $27m on the back of VR 'hologram' promise



Watson can't cure cancer ... or all the stuff that breaks IT projects



Errors in Australia's Centrelink debt recovery system were inevitable



What does a complex AI model look like? Here's some Friday eye candy from UK biz Graphcore







                            Verity Stob
                        





A webcam is not so much a leering eye as the barrel of a gun



FAKE BREWS: America rocked by 'craft beer' scandal allegations



Nul points for Ukraine's Eurovision ticket site fail



Kings College London bods recruit members for penis ring study







More like this


Intel


Cisco






Data Centre





Intel's Atom C2000 chips are bricking products – and it's not just Cisco hit
Chipzilla and Switchzilla won't confirm connection but the writing is on the wall

























                        6 Feb 2017 at 22:34,
                    
Thomas Claburn




Updated Intel's Atom C2000 processor family has a fault that effectively bricks devices, costing the company a significant amount of money to correct. But the semiconductor giant won't disclose precisely how many chips are affected nor which products are at risk.
On its Q4 2016 earnings call earlier this month, chief financial officer Robert Swan said a product issue limited profitability during the quarter, forcing the biz to set aside a pot of cash to deal with the problem.




"We were observing a product quality issue in the fourth quarter with slightly higher expected failure rates under certain use and time constraints, and we established a reserve to deal with that," he said. "We think we have it relatively well-bounded with a minor design fix that we're working with our clients to resolve."
Coincidentally, Cisco last week issued an advisory warning that several of its routing, optical networking, security and switch products sold prior to November 16, 2016 contain a faulty clock component that is likely to fail at an accelerated rate after 18 months of operation.
Cisco at the time declined to name the supplier of that component. When asked on Monday whether Intel supplied the faulty electronics, a Cisco spokesperson told that The Register that the networking giant does not intend to publicly name the supplier.
Intel indicated in a January 2017 revision of its Atom C2000 family documentation that the chip line contains a clock flaw. Errata note AVR.54, titled "System May Experience Inability to Boot or May Cease Operation," explains that the Atom C2000 Low Pin Count bus clock outputs (LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1) may stop functioning. Permanently.
An Intel spokesperson in an email to The Register characterized the issue as "a degradation of a circuit element under high use conditions at a rate higher than Intel’s quality goals after multiple years of service."
"If the LPC clock(s) stop functioning the system will no longer be able to boot," Intel's documentation explains.
This consequence is precisely what Cisco says may happen to its devices given enough time. "Once the component has failed, the system will stop functioning, will not boot, and is not recoverable," Cisco's advisory states.
The Register asked Intel whether it could confirm that Cisco's advisory could be attributed to an Intel component. Intel said it could not confirm or deny whether its chip issue is the one affecting Cisco gear, citing a policy of not commenting on customers. We note that the affected Cisco ASA 55xx products use Intel's Atom C2000 system-on-chips at least.
Radio silence
We asked Intel to provide specific details about when it began and stopped shipping Intel Atom C2000 processors with faulty clock outputs. Intel declined to comment. The official errata says the B0 stepping of C2xxx Atoms are vulnerable to failure, and these parts began shipping in 2013. The specific SKUs are:
C2308, C2338, C2350, C2358, C2508, C2518, C2530, C2538, C2550, C2558, C2718, C2730, C2738, C2750, and C2758.
We asked Intel how many affected Atom C2000 chips have been shipped and how much fixing the issue will cost the company. Intel declined to comment.
Intel did, however, provide some insight on how the Atom C2000 flaw might be addressed. "A board level workaround exists for the existing production stepping of the product which resolves the issue," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Additionally, Intel will implement and validate a minor silicon fix in a new product stepping that resolves this issue."
Many other technology vendors make products with Intel Atom C2000 processors, including Dell and Synology. The Register pinged Dell via email, and it was not immediately available for comment.
People with Synology DS1815+ storage boxes have been reporting complete hardware failures; the DS1815+ is powered by an Intel Atom C2538.
Other vendors using Atom C2000 chips include Asrock, Aaeon, HP, Infortrend, Lanner, NEC, Newisys, Netgate, Netgear, Quanta, Supermicro, and ZNYX Networks. The chipset is aimed at networking devices, storage systems, and microserver workloads. If you know of any affected or failed gear, please let us know.
According to this Intel data-sheet [PDF], LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1 are driven by the processor to provide essential timing signals to hardware on the board, including the boot ROM. If these signals stop ticking, the rest of the electronics stops, too. ®
Updated to add at 14:29 UTC, February 7
Synology told The Reg it was "investigating this issue together with Intel," saying it would "provide more detailed information in the week as it becomes available."
It added: "At this time Synology has not seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors. However once additional information is available, Synology will post an advisory on this topic.
"In the meantime it is still safe to continue to use your device, however should you encounter any issues these will be handled via our support teams and all the devices are still covered under the standard warranty provided with all our units. Technical Support can be reached via www.synology.com/ticket."
Updated to add at 15:36 UTC, February 7
Synology subsequently asked to have its statement above revised to omit any mention of Intel.
Updated to add at 18:23 UTC, February 8
Once again, Synology has been in touch, seemingly now able to use the I word, to say: "Intel has recently notified Synology regarding the issue of the processor’s increased degradation chance of a specific component after heavy, prolonged usage.
"Synology has not currently seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors compared to other models manufactured in the same time frame not equipped with the affected processors."




                        Tips and corrections
                    



96
                        Comments
                    




More from The Register






Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch

                            Blah
                        











Regular or premium? Intel pumps out Optane memory at CES

CES 2017
                            Just a dash to Kaby Lake splash
                        


                                20 Comments
                            








Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip

                            How's that sacking 12,000 people thing going, Bri?
                        


                                3 Comments
                            










Apple weans itself off Intel with 'more ARM chips' for future Macs

                            Cook bakes up another Chipzilla-free component for fruity computers – report
                        


                                32 Comments
                            








Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports

Opinion
                            The game done changed
                        


                                6 Comments
                            








Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good

                            All is well, rejoice, rejoice, let's get into the white 'n' fluffy
                        










Whitepapers



Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter

                    The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them.
                



Work and the modern content platform

                    For tech leaders ready to improve the way they manage information.
                



GDPR: Centralise Unstructured Data Governance across On-Premises and Cloud

                    CIOs are also struggling to balance their desire for consolidation and centralised management with the need to meet the GDPR deadline and solve the immediate operational challenges.
                



Build scalable and secure public cloud services

                    Scalability, flexibility, and efficiency are essential to differentiating your business.
                













Most read




Oh happy day! Linus Torvalds has given the world Linux 4.10
                





'At least I can walk away with my dignity' – Streetmap founder after Google lawsuit loss
                





Google bellows bug news after Microsoft sails past fix deadline
                





Connected car in the second-hand lot? Don't buy it if you're not hack-savvy
                





In colossal shock, Uber alleged to be wretched hive of sexism, craven managerial ass-covering
                





















Spotlight


Speaking in Tech: There must be 50 ways to leave your cloud provider



Hutchison's 3UK and Google push 3.5 GHz on both sides of the pond



It's over? Pat Gelsinger's post vSphere VMware NSX-T opportunity



Cattle that fail, not pets that purr – the future of servers



Small but perfectly formed: Dailymotion's object storage odyssey



Hobbled by partners Dell and NetApp, where does Cisco go from here?



You better layer up, Micron's working on next-generation XPoint



BOFH: Password HELL. For you, mate, not for me



Sponsored links

All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey

Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts

















Follow us
























More content

Subscribe to newsletter
Top 20 stories
Week’s headlines
Archive
Webcasts



About us

Privacy
Company info
Advertise with us
Syndication
Send us news tips



The Register

                Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017

            

                Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
            




 








