




Skip to main content




 








United Church of God
Beyond Today
DONATE
 

 









Sign In | Sign UpSearch 





 





 
 







  





Help for Today, Hope for Tomorrow | Learn more...


 
 







United Church of God
Beyond Today
Donate
TelevisionProgram Archive
Station Listings

MagazineGet Free Subscription
Renew Subscription
Cancel Subscription
Change Address

Bible Study ToolsBooklets
12 Lesson Bible Study Course
Bible Questions and Answers
Bible Study Series
Teen Bible Study Guides
Bible Commentary
Study by Topic

Events
Webcast
BlogsBreaking Free
BT Daily
This Is The Way

App
Contact
 

 









Vertical News: Personification of Animals Impedes Brain Development










You are hereUCG.org / Vertical Thought / Vertical News: Personification of Animals Impedes... 





Vertical News
Personification of Animals Impedes Brain Development
 





Posted on Apr 14, 2014  by Amanda Stiver 3 comments Estimated reading time: 2 minutes  





Add to my study list

Login or Create an Account
With a UCG.org account you will be able to save items to read and study later!
Sign In | Sign Up×
 







    Can “anthropomorphic” animal cartoons cause learning deficiencies in children?  
















freeimages.com/Cieleke 
Vertical News: Personification of Animals Impedes Brain Development









 An interesting study from Toronto University’s Department of Applied Psychology and Human Development has found that excessive consumption of films and books portraying animals as having human characteristics, walking on two legs, wearing clothes, talking, etc, can lead to “less factual learning” among children. Watching or reading about animals that were “anthropomorphized,” or given human qualities, led to confusion and the assumption among young participants that animals really have those qualities.
 The researchers recommended that parents add an equal number of factual books and films about actual wildlife to compensate for those portraying human-like cartoon animals (Rachel Reilly, “Is Mickey Mouse Making Your Child STUPID? Animal Characters That Wear Clothes or Talk ‘Damage Learning’, Claims Study,”  The Daily Mail  at DailyMail.co.uk, March 26, 2014).
 
	Biblical connection
 This fascinating study about the ramifications of what and how humans learn as they grow can help us to understand how to better guard our minds. It is interesting to note that many of the pagan gods and goddess of the ancient biblical world were given some or several human qualities. Dagon the god of the Philistines was portrayed as part fish and part man. In their tradition, many of the Egyptian gods had dual human and animals forms, such as Anubis, the part jackal, part human god of the underworld. The ancient Greeks also had supernatural creatures, like the half horse, half man centaurs, that were partially anthropomorphized, and the list goes on.
 The lesson is to be sure that we balance the curiosities and entertainment trends of our age with the truth. Teaching children that animals behave as God created them, and not as a mix of human and animal is a part of differentiating ourselves from the society around us. Giving young ones a solid foundation in truth is vital.





Youth

You might also be interested in...












Vertical News: Internet Addiction





    Brain pathway research proves that excessive use of the Internet can become...  














In the News: One Thing at a Time





    A team of French scientists has found that the human brain can successfully...  











Amanda Stiver  Amanda Stiver graduated from the Robert D. Clark Honors College of the University of Oregon. 











Add to my study list

Login or Create an Account
With a UCG.org account you will be able to save items to read and study later!
Sign In | Sign Up×
 




Print this Page 


Appeared In...












 
 Vertical News: Personification of Animals Impedes Brain Development
  










Join the conversation!

Log in or register to post comments  







 
 




























 


 








 







 



  


 





 
 






Languages

لغة العربية
中国
Deutsch
Eastern European
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Русский
Svenska
 

 




International Offices

Australia
British Isles
Canada
Caribbean
Germany
Italy
Latin America
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nigeria
Philippines
South Africa
 

 




Find us on...

Beyond Today on Roku
United Church of God on Roku
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
 

 
 







United Church of God is a 501(c)3 organization.Privacy PolicyTerms of Use 

 





      © 1995 - 2017 All correspondence and questions should be sent to info@ucg.org. Send inquiries regarding the operation of this Web site to webmaster@ucg.org.    

 
 
  



















