























NewsAmericas
UK
World
Europe
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsUS sports
Soccer
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1
WWE

CultureFilm
TV
Music
Books

Indy/LifeFashion
Food + drink
Travel
Health + families
Love + sex

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

Daily EditionSubscribe for a free trial
Read Now

 




 





 




UK Edition 


US Edition 





Sign in
Register
Subscriptions
 






 





 NewsElection 2016
World
US
UK
Europe
People
Science
Health
Business

VoicesComment
Robert Fisk
Mark Steel
Grace Dent
Holly Baxter
Campaigns
Editorials
Letters

SportsFormula 1
US sports
Soccer
Cricket
Tennis
Boxing
Formula 1

CultureBooks
Film
TV
Music
Art
Theatre & Dance
Comedy

LifestyleFood & drink
Health & families
Love & sex
Motoring
Student
Travel
Fashion

TechGaming
Tech culture
Tech news

VideoExplainer videos
News videos
People & culture videos
Sport videos

IndyBestFashion & Beauty
Homes & Design
Food & Drink
Gadgets & Tech
Outdoor & Activity
Arts & Books
Travel

MoneyHealth insurance
Investments

ExtrasThe Independent Books
Puzzles
indy100
Apps
Ebooks
iJobs
Dating

 
Follow us:















 









NewsWorldAmericas
Donald Trump on Barack Obama: 'I can feel that he likes me'

'We get along. I don’t know if he’ll admit this, but he likes me... I can feel it,' says President on Mr Obama



May Bulman


@maybulman

Tuesday 7 February 2017 15:31 GMT







Click to follow









 

Popular videos


World’s oldest man dies in Indonesia ‘aged 146’




Paris police clash with protesters at May Day demonstrations




Donald Trump walks out of interview after Obama wiretap questions




Trump asks why Civil War 'could not have been worked out?'






Donald Trump has said he believes Barack Obama likes him, and that despite the pair fighting a “vicious” campaign on opposing sides, he and his predecessor “get along”.
The President suggested that while he didn’t think Mr Obama would admit it, there was a mutual respect between the two starkly different American politicians.
Speaking of Mr Obama in an interview with Fox News, Mr Trump said: “It’s a very strange phenomena. We get along. I don’t know if he’ll admit this, but he likes me, I like him”.

Read more

Bad Lip Reading reveals what Obama 'really' said to Trump
Most Americans want Barack Obama back as President, poll shows
White House posts list of attacks Trump falsely said 'media ignored'


When asked by interviewer Bill O'Reilly how he knows Mr Obama likes him, Mr Trump simply responded: "I can feel it.”
Comparing this apparently amiable bond to previously fraught relations between the two of them, the President continued: “We had a rough campaign. He was fighting better for Hillary then she did. He was vicious during the campaign towards me and I was vicious towards him. We said horrible things about each other.
“And then we hop into the car, and we drive down Pennsylvania Avenue together and we don’t even talk about it. Politics is amazing.”


The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued

















9
show all







The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued

















1/9

                      Trump and the media                  

White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer takes questions during the daily press briefing

Getty Images



2/9

                      Trump and the Trans-Pacific Partnership                  

Union leaders applaud US President Donald Trump for signing an executive order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington DC.
Mr Trump issued a presidential memorandum in January announcing that the US would withdraw from the trade deal

Getty



3/9

                      Trump and the Mexico wall                  

A US Border Patrol vehicle sits waiting for illegal immigrants at a fence opening near the US-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas. The number of incoming immigrants has surged ahead of the upcoming Presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, who has pledged to build a wall along the US-Mexico border.
A signature campaign promise, Mr Trump outlined his intention to build a border wall on the US-Mexico border days after taking office

Getty Images



4/9

                      Trump and abortion                  

US President Donald Trump signs an executive order as Chief of Staff Reince Priebus looks on in the Oval Office of the White House.
Mr Trump reinstated a ban on American financial aide being granted to non-governmental organizations that provide abortion counseling, provide abortion referrals, or advocate for abortion access outside of the United States


Getty Images



5/9

                      Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline                  

Opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines hold a rally as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York. 
US President Donald Trump signed executive orders reviving the construction of two controversial oil pipelines, but said the projects would be subject to renegotiation

Getty Images



6/9

                      Trump and 'Obamacare'                  

Nancy Pelosi who is the minority leader of the House of Representatives speaks beside House Democrats at an event to protect the Affordable Care Act in Los Angeles, California.
US President Donald Trump's effort to make good on his campaign promise to repeal and replace the healthcare law failed when Republicans failed to get enough votes. Mr Trump has promised to revisit the matter

Getty Images



7/9

                      Donald Trump and 'sanctuary cities'                  

US President Donald Trump signed an executive order in January threatening to pull funding for so-called "sanctuary cities" if they do not comply with federal immigration law

AP



8/9

                      Trump and the travel ban                  

US President Donald Trump has attempted twice to restrict travel into the United States from several predominantly Muslim countries. The first attempt, in February, was met with swift opposition from protesters who flocked to airports around the country. That travel ban was later blocked by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
The second ban was blocked by a federal judge a day before it was scheduled to be  implemented in mid-March

SANDY HUFFAKER/AFP/Getty Images



9/9

                      Trump and climate change                  

US President Donald Trump sought to dismantle several of his predecessor's actions on climate change in March.  His order instructed the Environmental Protection Agency to reevaluate the Clean Power Plan, which would cap power plant emissions

Shannon Stapleton/Reuters






Mr Trump's remarks come despite his decisions over the past two weeks to repeal much of Mr Obama's legislation.
When asked in the same interview what he talked about with Mr Obama in the car, Mr Trump said the former President told him what he believed to be the “biggest problem” facing the US, but wouldn’t detail what it was — saying only that it was a "military problem".



              More about:
            
Donald Trump
Barack Obama
Fox News
The White House
us president


Reuse content










 


 



 

Comments














Most Popular








Video




Sponsored Features













Follow us:







User Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Code of Conduct
Complaint Form
Contact Us
Contributors
All Topics
Archive
Newsletters
Jobs
Subscriptions
Advertising Guide
Syndication
Evening Standard
Novaya Gazeta
Install our Apps
 
 
 
 
 


We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.



 










Close



We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.
Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.
Thank you for your support.
 


How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk
 Adblock / Adblock Plus

Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar.
On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain".
On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk".

Firefox Tracking Protection

If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar.

Ghostery

Click the Ghostery icon.
In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site".
In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list.
In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted".
Click "reload the page to see your changes".

uBlock

Click the uBlock icon.
Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site.
Then reload the page.
 




Close



Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk 
Continue to our site





 





























