










 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Home & Garden
>
Food & Beverages
>
Snack Foods
>
Puffed Snacks























Bidding has ended on this item. 


















 



Ships to: 


			United States






Import charges:



		
				 (estimated and based on current bid) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated within 4-8 business days
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.




 



Ships to: 


			United States













Details about   Gorilla Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Harambe Gorilla

See original listing


Gorilla Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Harambe Gorilla
























Photos not available for this variation






















		Item condition:
New









Ended:


			Feb 07, 2017

06:20:49 PST












Winning bid:
US $99,900.00





				[ 132 bids
							]














Shipping:



FREE


				Standard Shipping

 | 

 See details 

















Item location:
Burbank, California, United States








Seller:


 valuestampsinc

	            (381
)

|

Seller's other items













									Sell one like this




















More chances to get what you wantFeedback on our suggestionsDuros-Mexican Wagon Wheels -5 Lb- Duritos-Wheat Snacks$25.99Free shippingAlmost gone SCREENSHOT! Gorilla Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Harambe Gorilla$100.00Free shipping Gorilla Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Harambe Gorilla Holding Kid$1,000.00Free shipping Goldfish Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Goldfish$2.00+ $2.63 HARAMBE gives thumps up, Hope For Humanity- RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos -$500.00Free shipping OMG Flaming Hot Cheetos Resembling The Virgina Mary Holding Baby Jesus RARE $99,900.00Free shipping SPONSOREDCheetos Flamin' Hot 1 oz. bags, 50 ct$25.99Free shipping Rare Harambe Dab Dabbing Flamin Hot Cheetos Gorilla$12.99Free shipping  Cheetos - James Bond Casino Royale Gun Shaped Cheeto Super Rare One of a Kind$399.99+ $5.50 RARE ONE OF A KIND SUPERMAN CHEETO SUPERHERO COMIC BOOK HERO  UNIQUE CHEETO $1,111.11Free shipping Cheetos Flamin Hot Crunchy Chips$9.95Free shipping 10 Bags XXTRA Flamin' Hot Cheetos 1.18 oz Chunchy Flamin' Hots $4.98+ $5.97Popular 
People were also interested inFeedback on our suggestionsSPONSOREDCheetos Flamin' Hot 1 oz. bags, 50 ct$25.99Free shipping SPONSOREDCheetos Cheddar Jalapeno Crunchy Chips$9.85Free shipping SCREENSHOT! Gorilla Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Harambe Gorilla$100.00Free shipping Cheetos Flamin Hot Crunchy Chips$9.95Free shipping  Hot Cheetos - RARE - THE GUN THAT KILLED  HARAMBE Gorilla killer $1,000.00Free shipping HARAMBE gives thumps up, Hope For Humanity- RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos -$500.00Free shipping OMG Flaming Hot Cheetos Resembling The Virgina Mary Holding Baby Jesus RARE $99,900.00Free shipping HOT CHEETO NINTENDO'S YOSHI WITH HAND UP (RARE, UNIQUE, COLLECTOR ITEM(MUST SEE)$1,500.00Free shipping RARE CHEETOS OBI-WAN KENOBI EWAN MCGREGOR STAR WARS OFF BRAND ONE OF A KIND$2,999.99Free shipping DISNEY BEAUTY AND THE BEAST DANCING(NATURAL CHEETO) ONE OF A KIND ART PIECE$2,000.00Free shipping Goldfish Hot Cheetos - RARE - One of a Kind Cheetos - Goldfish$2.00+ $2.63 Rare Harambe Dab Dabbing Flamin Hot Cheetos Gorilla$12.99Free shipping 








Description




	eBay item number:172504352676


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.


Item specifics



									 			Condition:




															
															
																New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item. See the seller's listing for full details



																					See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab





									 			Brand: 

Cheetos














Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab












Place bid
















Time left:





Current bid:



(Approximately ##1##)






Shipping:





Import charges:


(estimated and based on max bid)
To be provided at checkout







Your max bid:










Your max bid:



















		By clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.



		By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 












Cancel






Loading...




Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.


Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
Calculate
(Approximately ##1##)
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
Increase max bid
Place bid
Confirm bid
Increase max bid
Cancel
Change bid
Close
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again!
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it!
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win!
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.
Please enter your bid again.
Please enter a valid number as the bid price.
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.

























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.












































Back to home page



Return to top



More to explore :
Cheetos Chips,
Cheetos Snack Foods,
Cheetos Puffed Snacks,
Gorilla Treestands,
Gorilla Clothing for Men,
Gorilla T-Shirts for Men








Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Security Center
		Resolution Center
		Seller Information Center
		Policies
		Affiliates
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice





