




 











Advertise
Contact
About
 


The Correspondent network 













Asia's leading independent news















News
Insights
Travel
Tech
Education
Green


Trending:
CSR50
jakarta election
North Korea
 



Country Selection
Burma
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
North Korea
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
 

Search for:





















									China proposes further tightening of controls over the internet								

Share this on
























7Social Buzz












China proposes further tightening of controls over the internet

  7th February 2017

7Social Buzz

  










China is proposing a further tightening of controls over the internet. Pic: Karen roach/Shutterstock











7Social Buzz


CHINA is proposing a further tightening of controls over the internet with the possible establishment of a new commission to vet internet services and hardware, Beijing’s internet regulator has said.
China adopted a controversial cyber security law in November to counter what Beijing says are growing threats such as hacking and terrorism, but the law triggered concerns among foreign business and rights groups.
Overseas critics of the law say it threatens to shut foreign technology companies out of various sectors, and includes contentious requirements for security reviews and for data to be stored on servers in China.
SEE ALSO: China passes controversial cybersecurity law to strengthen grip on Internet usage
New draft rules, released by China’s internet regulator at the weekend, propose setting up an intra-departmental body to examine and coordinate policies nationwide.
The commission would consider risks to national security and stop Communist Party and government departments from buying online products and services that have not been approved.
It is not clear if, or when, the new body would be set up. The proposed rules are open for public comment until March 4. Draft proposals often end up looking different when they are actually passed into law in China.
SEE ALSO: Freedom House: China is the world’s worst abuser of Internet freedom
The proposed new commission, and the adoption of the cyber security law, come amid a broad crackdown by President Xi Jinping on civil society, including rights lawyers and the media, which critics say is meant to quash dissent.
In 2015, Beijing adopted a sweeping national security law that aimed to make all key network infrastructure and information systems “secure and controllable”.
China keeps a close watch over the internet, deleting comments on social media it deems harmful and blocking popular foreign websites including Google and Facebook.
China has defended its controls as necessary to ensure national security and social stability. – Reuters


Read Full Article

 
				1488104333				

				{"total":7,"error":"","stumbleupon":0,"facebook_total":5,"linkedin":0,"pinterest":0,"google":0,"buffer":2,"vk":0,"twitter":0}				

				165745				




Topics covered: China China Cybersecurity China Data Law 





 






Today’s Top Stories


 
Asian governments increasingly repressive, curbing criticism online – watchdog




 
Indonesia: 14 men busted for ‘gay party’ at Surabaya hotel




 
Citing US actions, North Korea says will boost nuclear force ‘to the maximum’




MOST READ THIS WEEK

North Korea warns against US 'hysteria' as it marks founder's birthNorth Korea warns Americans: 'Don't mess with us''Disappointed': Jokowi upset that Saudi invests in China more than IndonesiaThailand: Over 1,000 tourists stranded at airport over massive travel scamIndonesia: Governor Ahok gets rockstar treatment with flowers and trophies














 

2nd May 2 min read 
Indonesia: 14 men busted for ‘gay party’ at Surabaya hotel

homosexuality 




 

2nd May 2 min read 
Asian governments increasingly repressive, curbing criticism online – watchdog

asia 




 

1st May 3 min read 
Indonesia: May Day demonstrators target Ahok flower boards

Ahok 




 

1st May 3 min read 
Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand join forces against EU on palm oil

deforestation 





 

1st May 3 min read 
Citing US actions, North Korea says will boost nuclear force ‘to the maximum’

arms race 




 

1st May 4 min read 
Global drive launched to free Malaysian woman jailed over IS books

anti-terror laws 




 

1st May 4 min read 
Watchdog to White House: Don’t roll out red carpet for Duterte just yet

bilateral ties 




 

1st May 1 min read 
India: Muslim Men beaten to death for allegedly stealing cows

Holy Cow 



 







MALAYSIA 
Binjai 8, KLCC
Level 17, 3A Kuala Lumpur, 50450.+60 327 123 150 
SDN. BHD - 995605 P


 

AUSTRALIA 
1 Market Street
Level 20, Suite 3Sydney, NSW 2000.+61 280 764 120
ABN: 14 600 565 802


 

UNITED KINGDOM 
Colston Tower
Level 9, Colston StreetBristol, BS1 4UX.+44 117 244 3750 
Company No. 06993551


 

Social media Keep up to date by following us on:







 




© Copyright 2017 Asian Correspondent - All rights reserved

About
Advertise
Write for Us
Privacy
Contact
 














 
