















Jerrypatblog.com

Search


Primary Menu
Skip to content
Home
Enter10ment
News
Music
About Us
Contact Us
 





Search for:



 








ENTERTAINMENTS

Woman snatches her daughter’s husband after sleeping with him

February 7, 2017 @jerrypatblog Leave a comment




Wonders shall never end! A married man is regretting the kind of wife
 he married after she eloped with their son-in-law, their daughter’s.husband, leaving family members in serious shock.
There was drama in the area as news broke that a mother actually snatched her daughter’s husband after having s*x with the young man.
The shocking incident which happened in Zimbabwe has become a hot news in the community as the woman’s husband is now living in.regrets.
According to ZimNews, 56yrs old Miriam left her husband Simon.whom she has 7 children with, to stay with her new lover 34yrs old Mapako who was once her son-in-law..Mapako also left his 24yrs old wife Gracious and two children behind.to be with his mother-inlaw.
It was gathered that the two were secretly having an affair before.finally deciding to run away.
“He and his mother-in-law were close since long back. All along we thought it was just a harmless relationship, not knowing it was more.than that,” said a family member.
Reacting, the woman’s husband said:
“My wife has embarrassed me and the whole family. The whole village is talking about her and she seems not to care.
She left me with the children and the youngest is 10 years old and still needs her mother’s care… l did not think she would end like this.”


Advertisements






Rate this:Share this post below:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...

Related
 


Post navigation

Previous PostGuys Run when you see this lolNext PostAbuja Ladies Kidnapped During Birthday Return Home 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (Address never made public)



Name



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 



















 
 




  Recent Posts 

Olajumoke Travels Out of Nigeria for The First Time (photos)


PHOTOS: Lady Beats Her House Help Mercilessly, Pours Her Hot Water


Mortuary Attendant Take Selfies With Corpses, Shares It On Facebook


Governor Okorocha Appoints Uriel As Imo State Carnival Ambassador


Jay Z lovingly cradles Beyonce’s babynbump at NBA game


 








 
FOR YOUR EVENTS PLANNING
 


latest News,Entertainment Gist,Music

 
Like Us On Facebook 

Like Us On Facebook



Top Stories






								Zimbabwean prostitutes go haywire, have open sex in night club (Graphic Photos) 18+							








								England star Kyle Walker's girlfriend and a dog is a 'SICK HOAX'							








								Why I Collaborate With Nigerian Musicians? –
Diamond Platinum							








								Porn Star Stacey Cash Dead at 35 – SEE PHOTOS							








								Woman Arrested For Beating Farting Husband To A Pulp							








								Photo of a young lady Found Naked Without Her Head..+18							








								Olajumoke Travels Out of Nigeria for The First Time (photos)							








								Sean ''Diddy'' Combs Calls Jennifer Lopez's Booty a ''Work of Art," Says Kim Kardashian's Butt Can't Compare!							








								Two Final Year Students Of Nekede Polytechnic Model Completely Nude In A Photoshoot +18							








								Photo+ Video 
Woman strips naked in public to fight with a young man							








search here

Search for:



JPB exclusive 

Archives Archives

Select Month
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 


Vote 



Take Our Poll
New Poll
(polls)


 RSS - Posts
  Recent Posts 

Olajumoke Travels Out of Nigeria for The First Time (photos)


PHOTOS: Lady Beats Her House Help Mercilessly, Pours Her Hot Water


Mortuary Attendant Take Selfies With Corpses, Shares It On Facebook


Governor Okorocha Appoints Uriel As Imo State Carnival Ambassador


Jay Z lovingly cradles Beyonce’s babynbump at NBA game


Married Lady With Kids Impregnated By Boyfriend, Dies from Abortion Complications


See Photos Of Church Members Paying Tithes With POS Inside A Church (photos)


Nigerian Lady Shares Completely Unclad After-sex Photo On Facebook, She’s 17


Owerri couple excited as PSquare, Yemi Alade, Phyno gate-crashed their wedding


 Follow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 





This slideshow requires JavaScript.


Categories 
ENTERTAINMENTS

MUSIC

NEWS


 
FOR YOUR EVENTS PLANNING
SocialView jerrypatbatblog’s profile on FacebookView jerrypatblog’s profile on TwitterView jerrypatblog’s profile on Instagram
 

 

 
 blog search engine

 
 
blog search engine

 
 
entertainment blog



 

 





 




Follow Jerrypatblog.com on WordPress.com

Follow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 





Search for:



CategoriesCategories
Select Category
ENTERTAINMENTS
MUSIC
NEWS


 

 


Blog at WordPress.com.















Post to



Cancel







 






















 
 
%d bloggers like this:







