












NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


























 shares
















 




 





















Search
						











Standout
Trending Topics
Sports
Celebs
Society
Spotlight












 








 

















Chrissy Teigen Unfazed Over ‘Nipplegate’ Incident After Going Braless And Accidentally Flashing Nipple At Super Bowl …  | Chrissy Teigen
             

 UPDATED 2 months ago







Chrissy Teigen
Never let it be said that Chrissy Teigen doesn’t have an amazing sense of humor about herself.

Chrissy Teigen had a fun night at the Super Bowl on Sunday.

Yeah yeah yeah, Tom Brady and the New England Patriots came back from a brutal first half.Apparently, at some point during this weekend’s Lady Gaga concert there was a Super Bowl.

At the recent American Music Awards she revealed she was wearing no knickers in a daring dress.

CHRISSY Teigen suffered a wardrobe malfunction at the Super Bowl, but the star handled it like a champ.

Last night’s Super Bowl was filled with many memorable moments but one that stood out revolved around Twitter’s famous clap back queen Chrissy Teigen.

It’s not a real Super Bowl until something controversial goes down, and Chrissy Teigen suffered a wardrobe malfunction at Super Bowl LI that could qualify.

Model Chrissy Teigen accidentally flashed more than she wanted to as she watched the Super Bowl - but she’s not going to let herself get shamed over it.

It is Super Bowl season and several celebrities have graced the event on Sunday night, including Chrissy Teigen.Chrissy Teigen takes pride in keeping President Donald Trump in check on social media.

The couple had so much fun watching the New England Patriots defeat the Atlanta Falcons, posting tipsy videos and comments on Twitter.

Chrissy Teigen and husband John Legend were at the Super Bowl in Houston on Sunday,Feb 5.

Chrissy’s nip slip at the Super Bowl isn’t the first time she has suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction.In attendance for Super Bowl LI Sunday night, Chrissy Teigen and singer/husband John Legend got some quality TV time.

In attendance for Super Bowl LI Sunday night, Chrissy Teigen and singer/husband John Legend got some quality TV time.

And we all remembered how much we love John Malkovich.

Model Chrissy Teigen wore a sheer black top under a brown leather jacket to the Super Bowl on Sunday night in Houston, where she sat in the crowd with her husband John Legend.
























Chrissy Teigen


















































































































          Copyright © 2014. 
          
NATIONAL NEWS, HEADLINES, STORIES AND LATEST NEWS


































