











Fox News
Fox Business
Fox News Go
Fox News Radio
Fox Nation
Fox News Insider






Fox News
World


Expand/Collapse Search












Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Business
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
On Air

















                            World Home
                        



                            U.N.
                        



                            Conflicts
                        



                            Terrorism
                        



                            Disasters
                        



                            Global Economy
                        



                            Environment
                        



                            Religion
                        



                            Scandals
                        



                            Regions
                        






United Kingdom
'Restore my liberty': Assange pleads for freedom while holed up in embassy


Published
		            February 06, 2017

FoxNews.com





Facebook0
Twitter0
Email
Print











 





Showing no sign he would give himself up to the U.S., WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange reportedly begged the United Kingdom and Sweden to "do the right thing and restore my liberty" Monday, claiming he deserves freedom.
SEAN HANNITY: TRUMP, SPICER TURN TABLES ON ALT-LEFT MEDIA
Assange has been holed up for more than four years at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. He has refused to meet prosecutors in Sweden, where he remains wanted on rape accusations.
He spoke out one year after a United Nations group found the U.K. and Sweden were "arbitrarily" detaining him. Assange argued, "These two states signed treaties to recognise the U.N. and its human rights mechanisms," the BBC reported.
CALIFORNIA VOTER REGISTRATION SYSTEM 'HIGHLY SUSCEPTIBLE' TO FRAUD, EXPERTS SAY
British officials previously said the finding from the U.N.'s Working Group on Arbitrary Detention "changes nothing."
Last month, Assange raised eyebrows across the Internet when he appeared to offer himself up as a kind of swap for Chelsea Manning, the former private convicted of leaking the hundreds of thousands of documents that made WikiLeaks a household name. The group made its offer to then-President Barack Obama.





"If Obama grants Manning clemency Assange will agree to US extradition despite clear unconstitutionality of DoJ case," WikiLeaks tweeted, apparently referring to the U.S. Department of Justice's continuing investigation into the radical transparency website. But when Obama granted clemency to the ex-Army analyst a week later, setting a May release date that lops almost 30 years off her sentence, Assange's lawyers said it wasn't enough.
"There's no question that what President Obama did is not what Assange was seeking," said Barry Pollack, who represents the WikiLeaks chief in the United States. "Mr. Assange was saying that Chelsea should never have been prosecuted, never have been sentenced to decades in prison, and should have been released immediately."
Melinda Taylor, who also represents Assange, agreed, saying in an email that clemency was "far short of what Mr. Assange asked for and what Ms. Manning deserved (which is to be pardoned and freed immediately)."
Neither supplied any evidence that Assange had used the words "immediate" or "pardon" in relation to his extradition offer, but Pollack said it was clear that was what Assange meant — noting that the Australian computer expert had previously pushed for Manning's pardon.
"Why would he be called for Manning's release in a few months from now?" Pollack said. "You can parse his tweets any way that you want to parse them. I think his position has been clear throughout."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.









Advertisement









Trending in World



1

Mexican navy: 1 marine, 7 crime suspects killed in shootout



2

NPR reporter freed in South Sudan after 3 nights in jail



3

The Latest: Berlin officers hit with bottles, flag poles



4

Canada defense minister sorry for exaggerating military role



5

Puerto Ricans protest on May Day as debt deadline nears







































Site Index


Sections

Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
Weather
On Air



Tools

Live Video
Trending
Newsletters
Alerts
Podcasts
Radio
Apps & Products



About

Careers
College Students
Fox Around the World
Advertise With Us
New Terms of Use  (What's New)
New Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Help
Email Newsroom
Media Relations
Closed Captioning Policy



Follow

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Instagram
RSS
Newsletters




Fox News
Back to Top

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.












