










 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Jewelry & Watches
>
Watches, Parts & Accessories
>
Wristwatches























Bidding has ended on this item. 


















 



Ships to: 


			United States






Import charges:



		
				 (estimated and based on current bid) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated within 3-7 business days
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.






	Visit store: HeavenWood Adinkra...

 



Ships to: 


			United States













Details about   Citizen Quartz Watch Mens

See original listing


Citizen Quartz Watch Mens
























Photos not available for this variation






















		Item condition:
Pre-owned









Ended:


			Feb 11, 2017

07:56:31 PST












Winning bid:
US $5.50





				[ 6 bids
							]














Shipping:




$3.50


				Standard Shipping

 | 

 See details 

















Item location:
Newark, Delaware, United States








Seller:


 hshaki2jrx

	            (905
)

|

Seller's other items













									Sell one like this





















People were also interested inFeedback on our suggestionsSPONSOREDCitizen Mens Quartz Titanium Casual Watch Color:Silver-Toned Model: New$476.60Free shipping SPONSOREDCitizen Mens Sport Quartz Stainless Steel Casual Watch New Free Shipping$444.84Free shipping Citizen Eco Drive Axiom Black Dial Black Leather Mens Watch AU1065-07E$108.89$195.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Men's AT8020-54L "Blue Angels" Stainless Steel Eco-Drive Dress Watch$348.49$650.00Free shippingPopular Citizen AT8020-03L Eco Drive Blue Angels World Chronograph Leather Mens Watch$357.00$595.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Men's BM8180-03E Eco-Drive Canvas Strap Watch$98.99$165.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Men's BJ7000-52E "Nighthawk" Stainless Steel Eco-Drive Watch$222.09$395.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Navihawk A-T Chronograph Perpetual Mens Watch JY8031-56L$425.09$750.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Men's BJ8050-08E Eco-Drive Professional Diver Black Sport Watch$227.69$395.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Men's BM8475-00F  Black Canvas Strap Eco-Drive Watch$116.99$195.00Free shippingPopular Citizen Promaster Professional Diver Mens Watch - Choose color$173.69Free shippingPopular Citizen Eco-Drive Men's AT4007-54E Atomic Perpetual Calendar Chronograph Watch$199.99$625.00Free shippingLast one 








Description




	eBay item number:122344149607


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.


Item specifics



									 			Condition:




															
															
																Pre-owned: An item that has been used or worn previously. See the seller’s listing for full details and 

																			description of any imperfections.
																					See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab



																			... Read moreabout the condition





									 			Gender: 

Men's



									 			Brand: 

Citizen

									 			Display: 

Analog










HeavenWood Adinkra Symbols&More;

 hshaki2jrx

	            (905
)

100%
 


											Sign up for newsletter



										Visit Store:  
										HeavenWood Adinkra Symbols&More;








 






Categories


Other 














Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab












Place bid
















Time left:





Current bid:



(Approximately ##1##)






Shipping:





Import charges:


(estimated and based on max bid)
To be provided at checkout







Your max bid:










Your max bid:



















		By clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.



		By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 












Cancel






Loading...




Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.


Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
Calculate
(Approximately ##1##)
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
Increase max bid
Place bid
Confirm bid
Increase max bid
Cancel
Change bid
Close
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again!
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it!
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win!
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.
Please enter your bid again.
Please enter a valid number as the bid price.
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.

























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.












































Back to home page



Return to top



Related buying guides :
How Do Quartz Watches Work?,
Swiss Legend Watch Buying Guide,
Citizen Eco Drive Watches Buying Guide,
5 Distinctive Men's Sports Watches,
How Quartz Watches Work




More to explore :
Citizen Watches,
Quartz Money Clips in Jewelry & Watches for Men,
Citizen Sport Watches with Chronograph,
Citizen Women's Watches with Chronograph,
Citizen Watches with Alarm,
Citizen Women's Watches








Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Security Center
		Resolution Center
		Seller Information Center
		Policies
		Affiliates
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice





