




























 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback








DailyMail






 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










Ready to frock and roll! Stars arrive for the Met Gala as the ladies in red steal the limelight at the highlight of the fashion calendar





Student knifeman kills one and seriously injures three others with a machete in stabbing rampage at the University of Texas





San Diego gunman who coolly held a beer can as he shot seven people - killing one - 'was despondent over breaking up with his girlfriend and called her DURING the deadly pool party rampage'





CIA interrogator reveals how the agency tracked down Bin Laden by piecing together what his comrades at Guantanamo Bay let slip





Johnny Depp must undergo mental evaluation for 'compulsive spending disorder', his former managers say in counter-lawsuit over his 'wasted millions'





Trump might raise the gasoline tax to fund highway projects - but Spicer says there's 'no endorsement of it' yet 





Renowned author, 83, who penned books on Bobby Kennedy and Edie Sedgwick jumps to her death from the same penthouse apartment where Gloria Vanderbilt's son killed himself 29 years ago





EXCLUSIVE: Tragic Disney star turned soldier shot himself in the mouth, was hospitalized for depression in 2015 and transferred out of the Special Forces K-9 Unit to 'get his life together' weeks before he died





State Department issues travel alert for Europe alerting 'U.S. citizens to the continued threat of terrorist attacks throughout Europe' 





The FBI translator who went to Syria and MARRIED the ISIS terrorist she was meant to be investigating - then fled back to America a month later and was thrown in prison





The moment mother realized it was her married dentist lover who 'killed her 18-month-old son' by slamming his head into the ground causing him to bleed from both eyes, revealed on Dr. Phil





Baylor fraternity suspended for 'Mexican' themed party where some guests 'dressed up as construction workers and donned brown face'





Crimson catastrophes and too much tulle! Katy Perry leads a lengthy list of red carpet horror stories at the Met Gala in a bizarre red veil and chrome headpiece





Bumping along just nicely! Serena Williams makes first red carpet appearance at Met Gala weeks after accidentally announcing pregnancy





Katy Perry's thinly veiled attempt to steal the show: Kooky singer covers her face and wears dramatic gown with train to Met Gala





EXCLUSIVE: At least Huma's still living the high life! The former Clinton aide stuns in red at Anna Wintour's Pre-Met Gala Dinner while disgraced husband Anthony Weiner is spotted taking the NYC subway in yellow fleece 





As the Met Gala's red carpet is about to commence, FEMAIL rounds up the unlikely fashion trends that came out of last year's charity ball





'He should have stayed at the scene': Mourners blast Bachelor star Chris Soules at the funeral of grandfather he 'hit and killed with his truck before fleeing'





Bill Shine is OUT as co-president of Fox News amid series of sexual harassment scandals and is replaced by two longtime executives - including a woman 





Sean Hannity denies he is negotiating a way out of his Fox News contract after resignation of co-president Bill Shine





Fox News reporter Diana Falzone sues the network, claiming she was demoted after writing about her endometriosis on their website





White reporter resigns after calling herself a 'news n***a' in Twitter messages with black man whose video she wanted to use for a story





'I make an effort to swing by both of my offices before holiday weekends when I'm leaving early': Ivanka reveals the work-life secrets that brought her from her father's company to President Trump's White House





No border wall funding and no defunding of Planned Parenthood but Pence says 'we couldn't be more pleased' after cutting deal to keep government funded through September




Previous
Next









Migrants burned down refugee centre causing €10 million in damage because there wasn't enough Nutella, Gummibears or chocolate, German Red Cross worker reveals 
Huge fire ripped through refugee centre, home to 280 migrants,in JuneFire started 'because Nutella and sweets were not available'Police say two men suspected of starting blaze 'in a dispute over food'One 'seen pouring flammable liquid onto a mattress and setting fire to it'See more immigration news as migrant camp in Germany is burned down By

Dave Burke For Mailonline

Published:
  07:22 EDT, 22 November 2016

 | 
Updated:
  17:53 EDT, 22 November 2016













e-mail








36k
shares

 
         296
View  comments



A hall which was being used as a refugee centre was burned down because angry migrants were furious about the lack of Nutella and gummibears, it has been claimed.The building was completely destroyed in the fire, which caused an estimated €10 million in damage.Two men have been charged with setting fire to the centre in Düsseldorf on June 7, prompting an emergency which left 26 people injured.  





 It is claimed that the fire was started as migrants reacted furiously to not having chocolate spread and sweets German newspaper Das Bild has revealed that groups were angry when chocolate spread and confectionery were not available after dark, despite it being available during the day.Meals at the centre had been cancelled because of Ramadan, when Muslims do not eat during daylight hours.Protesters shouted: 'There isn't enough Nutella, Gummibears and chocolate', the newspaper reports.   





 The large fire ripped through the centre - home to 280 refugees - in an exhibition hall in the western German city of DusseldorfOlaf Lehne, district head of the German Red Cross, said migrants set fire to the hall in anger.The two men charged have been named as Algerian Adel D, who is accused of  aggravated arson and dangerous bodily harm, and Moroccan Mohammed B.He allegedly called on others to start fires, and acted as an accomplice.   





 More than a hundred refugees were evacuated from the centre as the blaze started to take hold


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






'Sharia patrol' organised by Muslim preacher ordering people...



US tourists are warned of heightened terror threat at...



Migrant riots force border staff to flee Greek islands:...



Lost poem by Anne Frank unearthed: eight lines were written...





Share this article
Share
36k shares










The large fire ripped through the centre - home to 280 refugees - completely levelling the hall.Emergency crews treated 25 people for smoke poisoning, and it is believed a mattress was sprayed with lighter fluid then torched.Since the start of the year, police had been called 89 times to the 65,000 sq ft hall, which was formerly part of the city's congress centre.TV footage of the blaze showed plumes of black smoke billowing into the air at the facility on the site of the city's trade fair. 






  





 Since the start of the year, police had been called 89 times to the 65,000 sq ft hall, which was formerly part of the city's congress centre, reports said









Read more:

Flüchtlingsunterkunft in Düsseldorf: Festgenommener prahlt mit Video der Flammenhölle | Express.de





Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








36k
shares












      Most watched News videos          Shocking footage shows aftermath of severe turbulence on Bangkok flight         Incredible rescue of baby from capsized truck captured on video         Awkward moment woman rejects marriage proposal at Fenway         Woman pops cyst with 16 gauge screwdriver and pushes out fluid         Moment car accident causes gas tanker to explode in Ohio         Theresa May's embarrassingly quiet day of door-knocking in Scotland         Moment shooter opens fire at black pool party guests         Excitable toddler performs his own version of the Haka dance         Baby elephant tossed around after getting in the way of a bull         Kelly Ripa reveals Ryan Seacrest as her new co-host         Canadian crowd sing entire Star-Spangled Banner when mic fails         Gunshots ring out at an apartment complex in University City         





       The flight from Hell: Horrific turbulence leaves 27...      The secret lives of cabin crew: Virgin Australia reveals...      Old enemies unite: Japan dispatches its biggest warship...      How Hillary realized she'd lost: Insider account reveals...      Pictured: The white man with 'a beer in one hand, a gun...      Former Portuguese detective claims Madeleine McCann was...      'I need some f**king help!': Incredible moment heroes...      Banana split! Mother flees her home after cluster of the...      Three million drivers hit the roads as the Bank Holiday...      Italian waitress, 18, is found dead at her London home by...      I'm more glad than ever we're leaving: The approach of...      When scoreboard proposals go wrong! Girlfriend says NO...      Matchy-matchy! Gisele and Tom Brady arrive wearing almost...      Playing with fire! Naked revellers brandish flaming...      Pakistani asylum seeker is jailed for attacking British...      DAILY MAIL COMMENT: Why these EU bully boys fear democracy      It's Live! With Kelly and... RYAN! Ripa announces...      'I work 14 hours a day': Woman finds a note from Chinese...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       




More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          Ready to frock and roll! Gisele Bunchen kisses Tom Brady as she leads the arrivals at the Met Gala
          
          Highlight of the fashion calendar
        











           I'm a booty queen too! Kendall Jenner puts her naked ambition on show as she attempts to overthrow her sisters in sheer gown at Met Gala
          
          She looked stunning 
        











          Can't keep her hands to herself! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd share a romantic kiss at Met Gala as they make red carpet debut 
          
          They haven't been shy 
        











          Bumping along just nicely! Serena Williams makes first red carpet appearance at Met Gala weeks after accidentally announcing pregnancy
          
          Looked sensational 
        











          Now that's a fashion bomb: Madonna declares war on style in shock camouflage dress (but Mama June wore it first)
          
          Bizzare sartorial choice
        














          She's living the simple life now: Kim Kardashian shuns bling to play the peasant girl at Met Gala after declaring robbery terror has made her 'less materialistic' 
          












          J.Rod's first red carpet! Jennifer Lopez the blue belle stuns in glamorous gown as she makes debut with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez at Met Gala
          












          Crimson catastrophes and too much tulle! Helen Lasichanh leads a lengthy list of red carpet horror stories at the Met Gala in a bizarre red veil and chrome headpiece
          












          Belle of the ball! Miranda Kerr comes up roses in a standout floral metallic gown at the Met Gala
          
          Was the belle of the ball at the Met Gala
        











          Blonde bombshell Kylie Jenner nets attention in Versace: Reality star, 19, parades famous curves in bodysuit with sheer embellished overlay at Met Gala 
          












          She's so mysterious! Priyanka Chopra leaves little to the imagination in extravagant detective-inspired outfit at Met Gala
          
          Needed assistance
        













          Everything all-white? Naomi Watts dons baggy polka dot frock and mismatched accessories as she steps out in New York ahead of the Met Gala
          












          Katy Perry's thinly veiled attempt to steal the show: Singer covers her face and wears gown by controversial designer John Galliano to Met Gala
          












          'She looks like a Teletubby!' Pharrell's wife Helen Lasichanh inspires hilarious memes in pillowy avant-garde gown at Met Gala
          












          Kissing up! Frances Bean Cobain plants a smacker onto her formerly estranged mother Courtney Love's chin as they arrive at the Met Gala
          












          Fresh Prince Of Bel Hair! Grinning Jaden Smith carries his dreadlocks as an accessory at Met Gala... a MONTH after cut
          
          A ridiculous accessory
        











          Not ruffling any feathers! Katie Holmes opts for understated gown with ruffled train by Zac Posen at the Met Gala
          
          Elegant and understated
        











          Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner looks every inch the Grecian goddess as she displays her sizzling curves in a plunging gold gown at the Met Gala in New York
          












          Ready to party All Night Long: Lionel Richie's girl Sofia turns heads in plunging gold gown at Met Gala (after getting new tattoo in make-up chair)
          












          Rose Byrne takes the plunge in VERY low-cut gown at Met Gala with beau Bobby Cannavale and continues to spark engagement rumors by wearing ring 
          












          In bed with Chrissy! Teigen shares topless snap of herself cosying up to John Legend before Met Gala
          
          Pictures had the caption 'Ready'
        













          Lily Collins is unrecognizable as she displays her darker side in dramatic corset gown, a raven wig and Gothic make-up at the Met Gala in New York
          












          I'm just frilled to bits to be here! Claire Danes attempts to be edgy in zany white blouse at Met Gala
          
          Slid on a white blouse covered in frills
        











          Anna Wintour's daughter makes her red carpet debut with fiance Francesco Carrozzini as they join the Vogue Editor-in-Chief at the Met Gala
          












          The NOT so late show! James Corden is joined by glamorous wife Julia Carey as he makes a VERY dapper appearance at the 2017 Met Gala
          












          Braless Alexa Chung flaunts her willowy frame and flawless decolletage in a delicate plunging polka-dot gown at Met Gala
          
          Joined the stars 
        











          Now that's out of this world! Star Wars' Daisy Ridley makes a bold entrance in sweeping monochrome gown at the 2017 Met Gala
          
          Looked sensational 
        











          A Kim kopy? Kristin Cavallari dazzles in white lace gown as she heads to Met Gala...in a dress that bears striking resemblance to Kardashian's 2015 look
          












          Caffeine fix! Zoe Kravitz goes braless as sports loose white sweater during coffee run in New York 
          
          Wore a loose-fitting white sweater 
        











          Take that, Kylie! Tyga checks out bikini-clad blonde in Miami after ex-girlfriend  Jenner gets close to new beau Travis Scott in NYC
          
          See something you like?
        











          He sure has some pretty daughters! Harry Connick Jr makes rare appearance with wife Jill Goodacre and their kids at Daytime Emmys
          
          Family man
        













          So who DOES Princess Charlotte look like? She has the 'dark, Middleton eyes' according to Kate - but a new picture shows her royal genes are evident
          












          Getting ready for their fashion closeup! Stars share photos from their glam rooms as they prepare for the 2017 Met Gala in NYC
          
          High society 
        











          It's all business! Jennifer Lopez displays slim waist in black trenchcoat as she attends a meeting in NYC
          
          Looking very stylish 
        











          'Full circle moment': Gwyneth Paltrow hints she may be attending the Met Gala after previously vowing she would 'never go again'
          
          Posted throwback pic
        











          Thigh's the limit! Miranda Kerr turns heads in sky-high boots as she wraps up in chic coat ahead of Met Gala
          
          Looked practically casual
        











          She's a fashion jean-ius! Rihanna steps out in ripped denim and fuzzy blue boa ahead of star-studded Met Gala 
          
          Never one to shy from making a statement
        











          'Met ready': Lena Dunham shares topless and make-up free snap as she prepares for fashion gala
          
          Got set for the benefit on Monday in NYC
        











          Keeping her cool! Eva Longoria rocks sheer white tank top and tiny shorts as she runs errands with mother Ella
          
          Dressed down for her errands 
        











          Sarah Paulson rides subway with girlfriend Holland Taylor... and teases her Met Gala gown might be Rodarte
          
          Emmy-winning couple went public in 2015
        











          Cara Delevingne goes braless in extreme plunging androgynous blazer suit as she covers her newly-shaven head prior to the Met Gala
          












          Booty court is in session! Blac Chyna judges twerking contest at Harrah's Atlantic City
          
          Lent her expertise to the proceedings at the resort 
        











          Our love is 'lit'! Kelly Ripa celebrates 21st wedding anniversary with husband Mark Consuelos by sharing sweet snaps from family album 
          












          The zillionaire life of Catherine Zeta Jones: Five homes. Gold cutlery. A garden chandelier... no wonder the Welsh actress LOVES showing off online
          












          Enjoying some time off! Vanessa Hudgens puts her sexy figure on display after it's announced her TV show Powerless was canceled
          












          Good looks run in the family! Alexander Skarsgard is ruggedly chic in jeans as he steps out with handsome younger brother Bill
          
          Cut a cool figure 
        













          My mini me: Jessica Simpson shares snap of daughter Maxwell pouting and posing in mermaid costume in family portrait at 5th birthday bash
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon seen together taking their twins to Disneyland... though he denies rumors of a romantic reunion
          












          EXCLUSIVE: 'We are going through a lot right now and we are truly sorry.' Shamed Fyre Festival organizer Ja Rule pleads for sympathy for HIM
          












          Emily Ratajkowski strips down for another selfie as it's revealed she was nearly rejected from first nude shoot for masking 'beautiful' body in 'scruffy dress'
          












          Johnny Depp must undergo mental evaluation for 'compulsive spending disorder', his former managers say in counter-lawsuit 
          












          Malin Akerman gets hot and heavy with co-star Damian Lewis as she goes completely topless for another raunchy scene in hit series Billions
          












          They settled on it a few days ago: Cheryl and Liam Payne name their baby son BEAR... after struggling to decide on moniker for five-week-old
          












          Hope that comes with a butler! David Geffen sells gigantic Malibu estate for record $85 million... after years of fighting over beach regulations
          












          Already dressing alike! Rooney Mara and Joaquin Phoenix wear matching shirts for breakfast date... even though they STILL won't admit they're dating
          












          Blue steel! Charlie Hunnam suits up in NYC... and reveals he tried to steal Excalibur from the King Arthur set
          
          The 37-year-old British heartthrob
        











          'Living in a Barbie world!' Tyga's former fling Demi Rose flaunts blonde make-over as she goes naked for another racy Instagram snap
          












          Not ready for reality! Larsa Pippen shares sexy bikini photo from Mexico after partying up a storm with Kourtney Kardashian
          
          Snakeskin two piece
        











          'It was a horrible moment': Nicole Scherzinger reveals she was asked for a selfie while she was having a VERY intimate wax
          
          Bad timing
        











          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Kate's right hand woman is Queen for a day as she ties the knot with the royal photographer 
          
          Took centre stage 
        











          Golden girls! Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn are every inch the blonde dynamic duo as they promote their mother-daughter comedy Snatched
          












          Kelly vs Kelly! Megyn celebrates her first day at Rockefeller Center as it's revealed her NBC show will air at 9am - facing off against Ripa and Ryan Seacrest
          












          Family day! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego enjoy stroll with two-year-old twins and infant son
          
          Spotted with their three small sons
        











          From X-rated to excellent! Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne covers up in white dress after THAT nude Instagram photo
          












          Quiet before the red carpet storm! Lily James and Matt Smith enjoy a low key outing in New York... ahead of expected appearance at the Met Gala
          












          A supermodel sandwich! Kendall Jenner sticks out her tongue as she leans on Bella Hadid and Kylie during Travis Scott's wild birthday bash
          












          Ready to go back to bed? Priyanka Chopra steps out in pajama top on the morning of the Met Gala
          
          Wore a black and white striped silk top
        











           Ashley Graham puts her curves on full display in some VERY saucy swimwear as she sizzles in new Swimsuits For All campaign
          












          Gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas proudly shows off her very own Barbie doll as it hits shelves - complete with its own Team USA leotard
          












          'I thought I'd NEVER be able to move away from home': Emma Stone opens up about crippling anxiety as a child - as she gives uplifting advice to younger self
          












          Stunning in silver! Jennifer Lopez looks ready to rumba as portraits from her new series World Of Dance are released
          
          Dating Alex Rodriguez
        











          Staying calm in the storm: Selena Gomez flashes skin in low-cut top in NYC after reacting to  backlash to her hit  series 13 Reasons
          
          Flew solo
        











          Zayn Malik attacked on social media after urging fans to help fund cancer treatment for his mother's best friend - but they tell him to cough up himself
          












          Nicki Minaj releases sexy new video for Regret In Your Tears featuring generous amounts of cleavage and frisky bedroom romps
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Huma stuns in red at Anna Wintour's Pre-Met Gala Dinner while husband Anthony Weiner is spotted taking the NYC subway in yellow fleece 
          












          Everything okay? Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky appear to have a tense exchange in Byron Bay
          
          They are a Hollywood power couple
        











          Walk on the wild side! Dakota Johnson sports leopard-print coat as she makes a fashion statement in NYC
          
          She'd also slung on a Chanel purse
        











          As the Met Gala's red carpet is about to commence, FEMAIL rounds up the unlikely fashion trends that came out of last year's charity ball
          












          Goofin' off! Chris Pratt and wife Anna Faris get silly as they greet fans while leaving Good Morning America in NYC
          
          They are known for being silly sweethearts
        











          Disney star turned soldier was hospitalized for depression in 2015 and transferred out of Special Forces K-9 Unit to 'get his life together' weeks before he died
          












          It's Live! With Kelly and... RYAN! Ripa announces Seacrest as her new breakfast show co-host almost a year after Michael Strahan left the role
          












          Kris Jenner's fired security guard is 'arrested for felony stalking' as he breaks into her gated LA community for third time
          
          Had him arrested
        











          Girls night out! Kris Jenner parties with Jennifer Meyer and Sara Foster in Beverly Hills... after ex Caitlyn drops low blows in new tell-all book
          












          'She called me curry': Priyanka Chopra reveals she was bullied so badly in US high school  she returned to India as she poses in dresses for Glamour
          












          'One Nation, Underwood': House Of Cards trailer promises more corruption, greed and power for season five
          
          It's more drama
        











          Leggy Rita Ora goes super low-key in huge anorak with tiny shorts and a baseball cap as she emerges just hours before Met Gala 
          
          Edgy flare for fashion
        











          Gwyneth Paltrow shares message from flight attendant about being a 'daddy's girl' as she continues to mourn father who passed 15 years ago
          












          A star in stripes! Star Wars vet Lupita Nyong'o looks ready for a spring brunch in crop top and green slacks as she steps out in NYC
          
          Color coordinating
        











          Together forever: Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' shared headstone over their Hollywood graves is placed six months after their tragic deaths
          












          Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's $20m Hidden Hills mansion that has been under renovation for three years 'will have armed security guards 24/7'
          












          Bendy Britney Spears performs the SPLITS as she shows off her impressive abs in gym selfies
          
          Posing in a skimpy crop top and low shortsemmy
        











          From Sarah Jessica Parker's mohawk headpiece to Lupita Nyong'o's sculptural updo, FEMAIL looks at some of the Met Gala's most memorable looks
          












          Homage to her ex! Devin Devasquez carries dog she named after late lover Prince as she hits Daytime Emmys... one year after singer's death
          












          'I was gutted': Lea Michele remembers the Broadway role that got away... and why it was for the best
          
          She'd learned Spanish for West Side Story
        











          Showing off what she's got! Dancing With The Stars vet Kelly Monaco, 40, looks youthful as she nearly spills out of dress at Daytime Emmys
          
          Showing off her assets
        











          'I couldn't explain why I would sob and cry!': ABC News anchor Elizabeth Vargas talks 'horrible panic attacks' she kept a secret due to 'shame'
          
          'I couldn't control it'
        











          Putting the sex tape behind her! Mischa Barton dresses up for night out  just weeks after winning restraining order to block release of video
          












          'I'm honored': Nashville star Charles Esten says he's 'thrilled' to be hosting the 2017 CMT Music Awards
          
          His character is a regular at the awards
        











          A-lex-a And The City: Chung wears chic striped jumper and cropped jeans to take a stroll in Manhattan ahead of the hotly-anticipated Met Gala
          












          Kevin Bacon and his wife of 28 years Kyra Sedgwick take hand-in-hand stroll through Atwater Village
          
          First met on the 1988 set of PBS' Lemon Sky
        











          Jurassic World 2 plot details LEAKED teasing that the new film will center around Blue the Velociraptor... as military vehicles are spotted on set in Scotland
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Actor Tom Sizemore tells how he hit rock bottom - addicted to crystal meth and forced to squat in a ramshackle house - but now has his health
          












          Part of the family! Chris Martin enjoys a dinner date with ex mother-in-law Blythe Danner and his children Apple, 12, and Moses, 10
          
          Divorce finalized in 2016
        











          Don't read this Tyga! Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott were 'super into each other' and 'getting intimate' at his 25th birthday bash
          
          Rumored new beau
        











          Led Zeppelin rocker Jimmy Page, 73, enjoys a relaxing day out in New York with younger girlfriend Scarlett Sabet, 26
          
          Looked casual cool
        











          'It's all about CELLULITE!' Iskra Lawrence strips down to her lingerie while chomping chocolate cake in her latest racy body confidence post
          












          Growing up fast! On the eve of her second birthday an adorable Princess Charlotte is captured on camera by her mother the Duchess of Cambridge in Norfolk
          












          Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays svelte frame in quirky fringe bikini as she relaxes in LA... after being dragged in to Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's divorce
          












          Amber Heard flashes her toned stomach as she and Aquaman co-star Jason Momoa hide their famous faces with hats and sunglasses in Australia
          












          Katie Holmes cuts a casual chic figure in a vibrant pink midi dress and bleached denim jacket as she grabs a coffee in New York City
          
          Effortlessly chic
        











          'I am not good enough?' Kendall Jenner hurt over father Caitlyn 'obsessing' about Kylie on KUWTK
          
          Lost patience with her father
        











          'I felt like a crazy person': DeAnna Pappas from The Bachelorette says sleep deprivation from having kids was 'torture' and 'took toll on marriage'
          












          Heidi Klum professes her love for AGT co-judge Mel B in show of support amid messy Stephen Belafonte divorce
          
          Supportive friend
        











          She means business! Airbrush queen Tash Oakley slips into a bikini to plug boyfriend Gilles Souteyrand's new fitness program
          
          Bikini blogger
        











          Red carpet reunion! Christina and Tarek El Moussa are all smiles as they attend Daytimne Emmys together despite marriage split
          
          Put on a united front 
        











          Kiefer Sutherland rocks out as he performs at California country music festival... after selling 3,400 copies of his debut album
          












          Lunch with mom! Angelina Jolie is all smiles as she treats son Pax, 13, to a Sunday meal out by the ocean
          
          The Hollywood star looked happy 
        











          Vanessa Kirby zooms through London on a vintage motorcycle with Matthew Goode as The Crown shoots Margaret and Lord Snowdon's love story
          












          Nicole Richie displays her eclectic style as she spends time with husband Joel Madden and children Harlow, nine, and Sparrow, seven, in LA
          












          Life giving you Lemonade? Pregnant Beyonce is less than impressed at basketball while handsy husband Jay Z gets distracted by the babies kicking
          












          Ashley Tisdale puts on a seriously leggy display in tiny shorts and acid wash vest as she goes food shopping in sunny LA
          
          Stocked up on treats
        











          'Seriously? You're just like a whore!' Kim Kardashian furious after Scott Disick hides a woman in his bathroom during Dubai trip
          
          Tense moment 
        











          Mel B's ex nanny Lorraine Gilles shows off her pert derriere in cheeky swimsuit snap... amid Spice Girl's explosive divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte
          












          On Sundays, we wear pink! Lindsay Lohan turns heads in a pretty fuchsia kaftan layered over a racy swimsuit as she enjoys another day in Mykonos
          












          Don't get up in his grill! Jaden Smith flashes his bizarre metal mouthpiece as he rocks leather biker jacket on night out in New York 
          
          Sinking teeth into acting
        











          Joanna Krupa flashes her cleavage in plunging LBD with a saucy side split as she makes a glamorous appearance at Catch in LA
          
          Sensational figure
        











          Leggy Kendall Jenner sets pulses racing in playful 'boob' T-shirt as she leads a hooded Cara Delevingne into Travis Scott's birthday in NYC
          












          Matchy-matchy! Gisele and Tom Brady arrive wearing almost identical outfits at Anna Wintour's star-studded pre-Met Gala party
          
          Cute couple
        











          Sports Illustrated model Joy Corrigan flaunts her slender figure and peachy derriere in gingham bardot bikini on sizzling beach shoot in Miami
          












          Fresh-faced Kendra Wilkinson showcases her laidback style in chic vest as she enjoys family day out in LA with husband Hank Baskett and kids
          












          Speaking in tongues? Justin Bieber pulls a series of funny faces as he heads home from church in NYC
          
          He's worked hard to shed his bad boy image
        











          Still reigning Supreme! Diana Ross dazzles for rare performance in New York as she's joined on stage by daughter Rhonda and her grandson
          












          'I had a healing': Val Kilmer admits cancer battle after over a year of denials
          
          Used the word cancer to describe his aliment for the first time
        











          Feeling the hunger! Alex Rodriguez eagerly leads Jennifer Lopez by the hand to a swanky dinner at New York City's Cipriani
          
          They are inseperable 
        











          Sex, money and children... Pippa and her fiance have five pre-marital meetings with vicar that will conduct their wedding
          












          'We're going to need a bigger mug!' Kelly Ripa teases announcement of her new Live! co-host
          
          The veteran host will reveal her new partner in crime on Monday 
        











          Fashion forward Katy Perry showcases her eclectic style in flirty oriental coords as she attends pre-MET gala dinner in NYC
          
          Fashionable geometrics
        











          Yee-haw! Billie Lourd and boyfriend Taylor Lautner look cowboy chic in denim at Stagecoach country music festival
          












          'Her dad's passing hit her full force': Mel B's ex-girlfriend claims her father's death 'shocked' her into filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte
          












          Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner take their family to church... after revealing their kids aren't allowed to act until 18
          
          Pair are still amicable 
        











          Lily Collins shows how to travel in style by sporting chic black jacket and skinny jeans as she jets into New York
          
          Casually sophisticated 
        











          'All guests are safe': Ja Rule apologizes for  Fyre Festival fiasco in Bahamas and tweets attendees 'have been sent the form to apply for a refund'
          












          Ruby Rose displays her quirky sense of style in orange camouflage leggings and a distressed black jumper as she steps out in New York 
          












          Newsworthy look! Leggy Celine Dion stuns in newsboy-inspired tweed dress and cap at New York party
          
          Turned heads in the Big Apple 
        











          Age-defying Halle Berry, 50, flaunts her toned stomach in a sheer top and distressed jeans as she jets out of LAX
          
          Does she ever age?
        











          Every dog has his day! Steve Buscemi, Michael Madsen, Tim Roth and Harvey Keitel reunite with director Tarantino on 25th anniversary of Reservoir Dogs
          












           Eric Dane halts shooting on The Last Ship to deal with depression
          
          The 44-year-old actor is taking some time out away from the set 
        











          Adrienne Bailon busts out her ample cleavage and flashes her legs in a form-fitting dress for the Daytime Emmys
          
          She makes heads turn at every red carpet event
        











          'She's terrified he won't make it': Patti Newton holds grave concerns for husband Bert, 78, as he recovers in hospital after latest health scare
          












          Knots Landing! Renée Bargh sports an unusual topknot and an outdated teal Versace gown at the Daytime Emmys
          
          The best in daytime television
        











          Fixer Upper's Chip Gaines hits out at 'friends' who are suing him for $1m - four years after he 'convinced them to sell their Magnolia Realty shares'
          












          Frances Bean Cobain holds hands with mom Courtney Love as they enjoy a mother-daughter stroll through NYC
          
          She's the daughter of the late rocker Kurt Cobain
        











          Booty-ful moves! Blac Chyna busts out her twerking skills on Snapchat while wearing skintight leggings
          
          The 28-year-old busted a move in her kitchen 
        











          Dazzling Reese Witherspoon stuns in figure-flaunting pencil dress as she leads the style at Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash
          
          Oscar-winner glamour
        











          Zayn Malik steps out without a wheelchair as he looks on the mend after suffering mystery injury to his foot
          
          He was wheelchair-bound just days ago
        











          'Everything she says is right!' Ashton Kutcher reveals how wife Mila Kunis chose name for their son Dimitri
          
          The actress chose the name on a date night 
        











          Fresh-faced Felicity Jones proves her natural beauty in casual mom jeans and striped jumper as she heads out in NYC with boyfriend Charles Guard
          












          Chrissy Teigen proves her chic sense of style in camel coat and striking purple lipstick as she heads for dinner with husband John Legend in NYC
          












          She's a work of art! Miranda Kerr stuns in a chic printed two-piece ensemble at Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary party
          
          Flashed her lacy bra
        











          'We had no idea we even stood a chance': The Talk's Sharon Osbourne overcome with Daytime Emmy win as she hits the stage with her co-hosts
          












          Top of the crop! Bella Hadid flashes underboob at rapper's star-studded birthday party in New York City
          
          Model tried to put the Fyre Festival behind her 
        











          A model guest! Cindy Crawford's mini-me daughter Kaia Gerber dons leather trousers for The Weeknd concert
          
          Aspiring model was flying under the radar
        











          Designer duo! Kendall Jenner showcases her enviable style in chic monochrome look as she indulges in some retail therapy with 'beau' A$AP Rocky
          












          SPOILER ALERT: The American Gods sex scene that will leave viewers speechless: Ancient goddess swallows man whole during intercourse
          












          Angels among (Reservoir) Dogs: Adriana Lima and Doutzen Kroes cut stylish figures at the 25th anniversary party for Reservoir Dogs
          












          Spot the difference! Lily-Rose Depp turns heads with her polka shades as she swaps her usual glamour for casual threads out in New York
          












          Matt LeBlanc, 49, cuts a dashing figure as he makes his first red carpet appearance with girlfriend Aurora Mulligan, 32, at Tribeca Film Festival in NYC
          












          Catch of the day! Fergie shows off her ample bust in body-hugging fishnet ensemble as she steps out in Malibu
          
          Age-defying figure
        











          Pretty in pink! Felicity Huffman takes the plunge in pastel dress at Emmy event for American Crime
          
          The actress stunned in the couture outfit 
        











          At least she kept her shirt on! Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary goes shopping BAREFOOT for groceries
          
          She wowed from head to toe 
        











          Yummy mummy! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off lithe legs in tiny hotpants as she dines out with family in Malibu
          












          Not on the ball? Jack Black puts on a hilarious display as he's tasked with throwing the ceremonial first pitch at LA Dodgers game
          












          'Now we know': Porsha Williams names Phaedra Parks as source of Kandi Burruss sex rumors on RHOA reunion
          












          Pregnant Beyonce dons a crown and bump-hugging gown as she makes quiet but dramatically stylish entrance to Wearable Art Gala
          












          Hope they know who she is! Reese Witherspoon is almost unrecognisable in dressed down ensemble as she jets in for Met Gala with Jim Toth
          












          Pretty in pink! Leggy Jessica Hart stuns in electric magenta frock as she struts her stuff at an event in New York
          
          Sports Illustrated swimsuit model 
        











          Sister act! Toni and Tamar Braxton show off long blonde locks as they model contrasting black and white gowns at the Daytime Emmys
          
          True family values 
        











          Not long now! Pregnant Tori Roloff poses with husband Zach after experiencing her first contraction
          
          She is 36 weeks pregnant 
        











          Wlad that's all over! Klitschko and fiancée Hayden Panettiere head out for dinner as they are pictured for first time since boxer's defeat
          












          'My boy loves my shiner': Anthony Joshua's mother brings his son to see him after babysitting during the fight that could see him make £500million
          












          Ivanka posts a photo of adorable Arabella enjoying ice cream at a father-daughter date to a baseball game 
          
          The youngster wore a stars-and-stripes dress
        











          How will Princess Charlotte celebrate her birthday? How unicorns, Pokémon and My Little Pony will be the order of the day as the fourth in line turns two
          












          Mary in miniature? Crown Princess Mary's daughter Isabella poses for portrait to celebrate her 10th birthday
          
          The youngster is already looking regal 
        











          'The script is mostly "AAAAAHH!"' Mandy Moore's 'ridiculous' shark thriller 47 Meters Down viciously mocked on YouTube as new trailer is unveiled
          












          'Together they'd be unstoppable': Bindi Irwin and Chandler Powell rumoured to be planning their own Australia Zoo THEME PARK in America
          
          Wildlife warrior couple 
        











          All 3 Generations! Elle Fanning looks lovely in a ruffle print dress as she joins Susan Sarandon and Naomi Watts at screening for their new film
          












          Mom on duty! Jordana Brewster has her hands full as she brings her two cute sons to fundraising event
          
          Chose to make the evening a family affair 
        











          Flower power! Maggie Gyllenhaal strikes a colorful pose in floral gown as she steps out with husband Peter Sarsgaard in NYC
          












          They're inseparable! Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott cuddle up as she supports rumored beau at his gig in Boston
          
          Rumors have been swirling they are dating
        











          Sunday errands! Gwen Stefani oozes elegance in ruffled blouse as she goes grocery shopping with son Kingston after church
          
          Ended a busy family day 
        











          'He'll be staying back with the kids': Kanye West on 'babysitting duty' while Kim Kardashian 'will be flying solo' at this year's Met Gala
          












          'I love Delta': The Voice Australia's Seal FINALLY reveals his 'close bond' with Delta Goodrem after months of rumors they were secretly dating
          












          Katy Perry sparks outrage from fans by comparing her old black hair style to Barack Obama in 'racially insensitive' Instagram Live comment
          












          Desperately seeking Greta? Jake Gyllenhaal chats on his phone as he goes on solo shopping spree in NYC
          
          Wanted solitutde during his retail therapy 
        











          'I sing a nice song': Ed Sheeran drops HUGE spoiler on Game Of Thrones surprise cameo as he makes an appearance for fan Maisie Williams
          












          Fate of the Furious tops box office AGAIN grossing over $1 billion worldwide as newcomer How To Be A Latin Lover is surprise hit
          












          Top of the crops! Ariel Winter flashes her midriff while swinging by The Forum to see The Weeknd in concert
          
          Modern Family star cut a relaxed figure 
        











          Life's a beach! Sports Illustrated beauty Joy Corrigan parades her figure in skimpy bikini in Miami
          
          The 22-year-old beauty wore a grey string bikini
        











          'The moment we first laughed our souls aligned!' Scream star Carlson Young marries Foster The People' Isom Innis in stunning Texas wedding
          












          Yee-ha! Thoughtful Alexa Chung looks radiant in pink dress and patent cowboy boots as she enjoys a stroll in New York
          












          A sweet and silly expression! Size 22 model Tess Holliday shares heartwarming snap of baby Bowie's new favorite funny face
          
          He is 10 months old
        











          Stars and stripes! Karlie Kloss stuns in form fitting top and tight pants as she leaves hair salon
          
          The model makes any ensemble look good 
        











          Proud mama! Gwen Stefani watches as sons Kingston and Zuma celebrate their first holy communion... but their father Gavin Rossdale stays away 
          












          Rita Ora flashes some serious leg in daring split dress with slogan thigh-highs ...after stepping out in garish dressing gown in New York
          












           'lol': Kim Kardashian takes to Instagram to share an intimate photo of herself laughing and enjoying tea
          
          She kicked back and relaxed 
        











          Love is in the air! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik and her fiance DJ Ruckus take a dip in Miami and show off their hot beach bodies
          












          Bombshell in black! Kim Kardashian slips into tight cleavage-baring ensemble for night out in Beverly Hills
          
          Wearing a seemingly airtight black ensemble
        











          'Those poor b*****ds need coffee': Tom Hanks explains why he gave White House press corps a high-priced espresso machine
          
          Generous gift
        











          One more superhero off the market! Flash star Grant Gustin engaged to LA Thoma...after he proposes with an impressive ring
          












          David Hasselhoff and MUCH younger fiancée Hayley Roberts take in some fresh air at Nobu in Malibu
          
          She is 27 years his junior
        











          Hilaria Baldwin recreates bikini shoot with daughter Carmen...as Alec greets White House correspondents
          
          Cute snap
        











          Gordon Ramsay's kit nightmare: Chef goes for head to toe grey sportswear as he arrives at Las Vegas airport 
          
          Not a smart dress code 
        











          'You bring us peace': Ciara and Russell Wilson share touching video celebrating their new daughter filmed just days before the baby's arrival
          












          Tallulah Willis pairs plunging crop-top with orange slice purse for breakfast with sister Scout
          
          Met up with two gal pals at Lavazza in LA
        











          Enjoying a Breakaway! Kelly Clarkson is every bit the loving mother as she cradles son Remington during Hawaiian family vacation
          
          Relaxing with her family
        











          Double time! Jennifer Garner highlights toned legs in spandex for workout session hours before shopping with kids
          
          Keeping fit 
        











          Still going strong! Sandra Bullock and her silver fox beau Bryan Randall attend Studio City pool party
          
          Defied her 52 years in a swimsuit cover-up
        











          All that glitters! Katy Perry highlights her buxom bust in skintight gold roll neck top as she enjoys a night out at the theatre
          
          Newly-blonde popstar
        















 
 
DON'T MISS










          Fans convinced Cheryl and Liam called their baby 'Taylor Payne' as it surfaces on celebrity birthday site... years after he named the moniker as his favorite
          












          Laid-back look! Paris Jackson dons torn drooping overalls while strolling in New York City with manager Tom Hamilton
          
          Cut a casual figure
        











          Liv Tyler enjoys family outing with her fiancé Dave Gardner and their two children in London... after tracing her ancestors with her famous father Steven
          












          Al Pacino reveals he drunkenly believed The Godfather would be the 'worst film ever'... as he joins Robert De Niro, Diane Keaton and cast for 45th anniversary
          












          Katie Holmes joins Robert De Niro and Al Pacino at the 45th anniversary reunion screening of The Godfather at the Tribeca Film Festival
          












          Lindsay Lohan flaunts her svelte waist in a chic blue co-ord as she soaks up the sunshine on Mykonos getaway
          
          She showed off her great sense of style
        











          Smoking hot! Nina Agdal skips boyfriend Leonardo DiCaprio's climate change protest and flaunts her abs during al fresco lunch with friends in New York
          












          Cara Delevingne keeps her newly-shaven head under wraps by sporting a beanie hat and retro shades in New York... as she continues to film new movie Life In A Year
          












          It Moss be the genes: Kate's half-sister Lottie shows off her model figure in very sexy taupe bikini as she enjoys a day at the pool 
          
          Naturally beautiful figure
        











          She's clearly into him! Paris Hilton models sexy sheer dress as she gazes lovingly at boyfriend Chris Zylka at MOCA gala
          
          The look of love
        











          Cruise control! Thrill-seeker Tom has a need for speed as he navigates Paris streets in daring motorbike stunt for Mission Impossible 6
          












          Adoring mum Geri Horner keeps things casual yet chic in tight jeans and pink coat as she enjoys sunny stroll with baby son Monty
          
          Former Spice Girl
        











          What a beauty blunder! Courtney Love suffers epic make-up fail as she steps out in New York dressed to impress in pleated midi number
          
          Mascara mishap
        











          'He can't take a joke': Daily Show's Hasan Minhaj rips absent President Trump to shreds during annual White House Correspondents' Dinner 
          












          Blac Chyna flaunts her enviable curves and perky posterior in skintight mini dress while out in New Jersey
          
          Slipped into a bandage inspired mini dress
        











          Pulling out all the stops Pippa? Renovation works are carried out on the estate where Miss Middleton is set to marry in less than three weeks' time
          












          Jennifer Lopez dresses up her tracksuit with a glamorous perm and mirrored shades as she heads to the cinema with her kids in NYC
          
          Stylish mom
        











          REVEALED: The travel essentials Anthony Bourdain can't go without - including a credit card that turns into a knife
          
          Useful items
        











          Shania Twain, 51, shows off age-defying physique in sheer flares as she makes long-awaited stage comeback at country music festival
          












          Amy Adams shows off her boho style in vibrant smock maxi dress as she enjoys romantic date night with husband Darren Le Gallo in LA
          
          Arm-in-arm with her man
        











          Sheer genius! Kris Jenner flashes her cleavage in lacy turtleneck with blazer and trousers as she leads stars at Wearable Art Gala
          












          She's one in a Milian! Christina puts on a leggy display in a sexy T-shirt dress as she attends The Weeknd's concert
          
          Always manages to turn heads on a night out
        











          Hailey Baldwin flaunts her figure in a sheer dress as she parties with leggy Joan Smalls in NYC... amid backlash for plugging disastrous Bahamas music festival
          












          Kate Bosworth opens up about her struggles with depression and how she really 'came into her own' when she worked in Australia
          
          Candid interview
        











          Prince Charles never gave Diana a single flower despite his love for gardening, claims designer
          
          Said he was 'reluctant' to pay for her dresses
        











          How to contour your face using SUNSCREEN: Beyoncé's makeup artist reveals how to naturally sculpt your features while preventing sun damage
          












          Will Ferrell reprises George W. Bush to mock Trump's first 100 Days for Samantha Bee's alternative White House Correspondents' Dinner in DC
          












          'Back home with my little grommets!' Elsa Pataky goes for a walk on the beach with her and husband Chris Hemsworth's three children
          












          That's a wrap! Emma Roberts hails back to the '50s as she sports chic retro dress with sneakers for shopping trip in LA
          
          1950s style tea dress
        











          'It would just tear me apart': Kelly Rowland breaks down over her mother's shock death... revealing the last thing she said to her is 'one of her biggest regrets'
          












          Candice Swanepoel steps out in NYC flaunting her engagement ring as she displays her incredible post-baby body in figure-flaunting playsuit
          












          She has an eye for a trend! Rita Ora rocks bizarre make-up as she goes braless under chic white suit at fashion party
          
          Among the fashion pack
        











          Queen Letizia stuns in scarlet gown as she and husband King Felipe VI attend the private party of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands
          












          Taking the biscuit! Self-styled organic food guru Prince Charles reveals he has persuaded supermarket to introduce an oatcake with SEAWEED 
          












          Womanizer! Britney Spears gets tribute from artists including Hailee Steinfeld as she receives Icon Award at Radio Disney Music Awards
          












          As Princess Charlotte approaches her second birthday, gorgeous pictures of her joyous smile, first pony ride and Buckingham Palace balcony waves
          












          Trying to distract us? Kendall Jenner poses topless in almost $5000 boots after she was paid to plug disastrous Fyre Festival 
          
          Racy snap
        











          Like father, like son! Brooklyn Beckham takes fashion tips from his father David as he steps out in a fleece-lined denim jacket and flat cap
          












          'I was always frightened of it': Bruce Springsteen reveals he almost SNUBBED iconic anthem Born In The U.S.A. because it was 'too glib'
          












          'I feel so sorry and badly': Bella Hadid looks relaxed in a black mini dress...as she FINALLY addresses Fyre Festival fiasco
          
          Back in the Big Apple
        











          Can't stand in the way of love! Zayn Malik is  wheeled into girlfriend Gigi Hadid's New York apartment after suffering mystery injury to his foot
          












          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Tesla boss Elon Musk took Amber Heard to watch Romeo and Juliet six months ago
          
          Was still married to actress Talulah Riley
        











          Evergreen model Christie Brinkley, 63, displays her age-defying beauty as she dons garish floral headpiece at climate change march in the Hamptons 
          












          Family flare! EJ Johnson shines in gold brocade jacket while joined by NBA legend father Magic and mother Cookie at Wearable Art Gala
          












          Shopping for her fur baby! Lily-Rose Depp shows off her slender figure as she and beau Ash Stymest pick up treats for her pooch Peach
          












          Leonardo DiCaprio and thousands of green warriors march on the White House while the president is in residence on his 100th day in office 
          












          In the pink! Ariel Winter puts on VERY racy display with boyfriend Levi Meaden as she shares throwback snaps from Coachella
          
          Tiny slashed crop top
        











          GIRL ABOUT DOWN: Actress Gwyneth Paltrow is asking fans to fork out $1,300 for lunch
          
          Tickets to dine at a 'wellness summit' she is hosting in Los Angeles
        











          Kylie Jenner flashes underboob in pale green tube top after jetting to East Coast of Met Gala
          
          Wore a pair of tiny white shorts
        











          Fab in floral! Karrueche Tran dons plunging dress on the purple carpet for Not The White House Correspondents' Dinner
          
          Was a showstopper
        











          How angelic! Rita Ora wows in white frock with split up the middle for night on the town in New York
          
          Enjoys making a statement 
        











          Mismatch! Cameron Diaz glams up in fringe dress while hubby Benji Madden goes super casual at Jessica Alba's birthday bash
          
          Sported different looks
        











          Casual flyer! Brie Larson opts for comfort in white sweater and flared jeans as she departs from LAX
          
          Was dressed comfortably 
        











          'Suing Fyre Festival for stealing our idea': Seth Rogen and Lonely Island reveal they were planning movie about disastrous music festival
          












          'They don't want to see a woman director': Barbra Streisand blames Hollywood sexism for Oscar snubs as she speaks out on her career
          












          Live and kicking! Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne hold hands as they stroll in LA... after daughter Kelly revealed she watched them both flatline in memoir
          












          He's in Cruz control! David Beckham takes to the ring for early morning sparring match with his youngest son
          
          Showed fans his unconventional bonding 
        











          Denim distress! Amber Rose's jeans struggle to contain her famed assets as she has dinner at Catch LA in a bikini top
          
          Made an impression
        











          Smooth criminal! Jennifer Lawrence pulls off killer look in knee-high boots for Russian spy role on the set of new film Red Sparrow in Vienna
          












          'It's not an easy subject': Selena Gomez responds to critics of her Netflix series 13 Reasons Why as she steps out in Beverly Hills
          
          Her 'passion project'
        











          Hey there Curly Sue! Chrissy Teigen gets a fun new hair style and dares to bare in a low-cut bodysuit as she takes little Luna for a stroll in New York 
          












          Golden goddess! Hailee Steinfeld highlights her legs in glittering mini dress for Radio Disney Music Awards
          
          The 20-year-old flashed her legs 
        











          Smitten! Sophie Turner wears a J initial necklace as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Joe Jonas
          
          First spotted together publicly last November
        











          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Lady Amelia Windsor 'targeted by fraudster' on dating app Bumble
          
          It appears that she's been targeted by a fraudster
        











          Taking it easy! Dakota Johnson keeps things casual in white t-shirt and black leggings for jaunt in New York City
          
          She's no stranger to provocative ensembles
        











          Blooming beautiful! Rose Byrne cuts a casual figure in floral-print pants and bright headband as she takes son Rocco to the park in New York
          












          Pippa Middleton hires top British chef Heston Blumenthal to cook a lavish four-course meal for her bachelorette party... but Kate stays away
          












          Suits you! Cody Simpson's sister Alli rocks tuxedo jacket and sheer shorts with knee-high stockings at Radio Disney Music Awards
          












          Keeping it classic! Lea Michele wears a chic LBD to sign copies of her new album Places
          
          The 30-year-old star celebrated her musical accomplishment 
        











          Rod Stewart is joined by stunning wife Penny Lancaster AND ex Rachel Hunter as he watches son Liam play for Great Britain ice hockey team
          












          'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks flashes his bulging biceps and signature tattoos during a shopping trip in LA... after being DEPORTED from the UK
          












          Leggy lady! Caitlyn Jenner flaunts her long limbs in thigh-skimming blue knit dress at book event in Philadelphia
          
          She's been on the promotional trail 
        











          'Weekend warrior': Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her fine form in bright white leggings as she steps out in Boston
          
          Mother-of-two
        











          Fresh-faced Amanda Seyfried shows off sensational post-baby body in tiny shorts for visit with mom
          
          Welcomed her daughter one month ago
        











          Setting a ripping pace! Kate Hudson tears through the airport in shredded jeans and flip flops
          
          She dashed to the check in counter
        











          Curvaceous Mariah Carey shows off her cleavage in plunging bustier as she enjoys dinner at Mr Chow with gal pal
          
          Dressed up for the night
        











          Running off all those baked treats? Ivanka and Jared hit the streets around their DC home after their children gave the Secret Service cakes
          












          Controversial BBC drama about the Royal Family that shows Camilla slapping William and Kate scheming provokes fury 
          
          Controversial drama 
        











          She's gone rogue! Lily Collins shows off her taut tum as she runs errands in a sports bra
          
          The 28-year-old rocked a casual athleisure look as she walked in LA 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bella Hadid relaxes in bikini in Miami after being 'warned to avoid' disastrous Fyre Festival while hundreds remain stranded in Bahamas
          












          A narrow miss! Bella Hadid jets into New York as angry customers are left high and dry at the Fyre Festival she promoted
          
          Festival was called off
        











          She's tat it again! Miley Cyrus adds yet more body ink, this time immortalizing her new pup Emu
          
          The body artist shared an Instagram snap
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Ready to frock and roll! Gisele Bundchen kisses Tom Brady as she leads the arrivals at the Met Gala





Attacker kills one and seriously injures several others with a 'machete-like knife' in stabbing rampage at...





San Diego gunman who coolly held a beer can as he shot seven people - killing one - 'was despondent over...





CIA interrogator reveals how the agency tracked down Bin Laden by piecing together what his comrades at...





Johnny Depp must undergo mental evaluation for 'compulsive spending disorder', his former managers say in...





Trump might raise the gasoline tax to fund highway projects - but Spicer says there's 'no endorsement of it'...





Famous author who penned books on Bobby Kennedy and Edie Sedgwick jumps to her death from the same penthouse...





EXCLUSIVE: Tragic Disney star turned soldier shot himself in the mouth, was hospitalized for depression in...





State Department issues travel alert for Europe alerting 'U.S. citizens to the continued threat of terrorist...





The FBI translator who went to Syria and MARRIED the ISIS terrorist she was meant to be investigating - then...





The moment mother realized it was her married dentist lover who 'killed her 18-month-old son' by slamming...





Baylor fraternity suspended for 'Mexican' themed party where some guests 'dressed up as construction workers...





Crimson catastrophes and too much tulle! Katy Perry leads a lengthy list of red carpet horror stories at the...





Bumping along just nicely! Serena Williams makes first red carpet appearance at Met Gala weeks after...





Katy Perry's thinly veiled attempt to steal the show: Kooky singer covers her face and wears dramatic gown...





EXCLUSIVE: At least Huma's still living the high life! The former Clinton aide stuns in red at Anna...





As the Met Gala's red carpet is about to commence, FEMAIL rounds up the unlikely fashion trends that came...





Victim of Iowa car crash is laid to rest one week after the fatal collision involving former Bachelor star...





Bill Shine is OUT as co-president of Fox News amid series of sexual harassment scandals and is replaced by...





Sean Hannity denies he is negotiating a way out of his Fox News contract after resignation of co-president...





Fox News reporter Diana Falzone sues the network, claiming she was demoted after writing about her...





White reporter resigns after calling herself a 'news n***a' in Twitter messages with black man whose video...





'I make an effort to swing by both of my offices before holiday weekends when I’m leaving early': Ivanka...





No border wall funding and no defunding of Planned Parenthood but Pence says 'we couldn't be more pleased'...





'We're not there yet': White House admits it does not have the votes to repeal Obamacare - yet - after...





I might not take up Trump's invitation to the U.S. says Philippines' hard-man president Duterte after...





It's Loyalty Day says Trump - so fly the flag and recite the Pledge of Allegiance he says in proclamation...





CBS anchor calls Ivanka Trump 'Mrs. Kushner' at the end of surprise morning interview – and Jared is there...





Trump is off to golf this weekend in Bedminster, New Jersey as Mar-a-Lago shuts for the summer





MORE HEADLINES







 
            The flight from Hell: Horrific turbulence leaves 27 passengers with serious injuries including broken bones after they were hurled around the cabin on flight to Bangkok
            



 
            Old enemies unite: Japan dispatches its biggest warship since WWII to protect a US supply ship from Kim Jong-un's missiles
            



 
            Pictured: The white man with 'a beer in one hand, a gun in the other' who shot black pool party guests at the luxury apartments where he lived - leaving one dead and seven hurt before cops killed him in San Diego
            



 
            How Hillary realized she'd lost: Insider account reveals how Clinton sat 'stone faced' and was 'suppressing the anger that touched every nerve in her body' as Trump beat her to the presidency 
            



 
            'I need some f**king help!': Incredible moment heroes rescue a dying BABY and a toddler from a truck that flipped into a ditch as their father tried to escape the Texas flooding
            



 
            The secret lives of cabin crew: Virgin Australia reveals behind-the-scenes photographs of how pilots and flight attendants REALLY sleep on planes
            



 
            It's Live! With Kelly and... RYAN! Ripa announces Seacrest as her new breakfast show co-host almost a year after Michael Strahan left the role
            



 
            When scoreboard proposals go wrong! Girlfriend says NO when her boyfriend pops the question on the big screen at Fenway. . . then they argue in front of the huge crowd
            



 
            Matchy-matchy! Gisele and Tom Brady arrive wearing almost identical outfits at Anna Wintour's star-studded pre-Met Gala party
            



 
            Famous author who penned books on Bobby Kennedy and Edie Sedgwick jumps to her death from the same penthouse apartment where Gloria Vanderbilt's son killed himself 29 years ago
            



 
            CBS anchor calls Ivanka Trump 'Mrs. Kushner' at the end of surprise morning interview – and Jared is there to watch 
            



 
            'I work 14 hours a day': Woman finds a note from Chinese 'prisoner' begging for help inside her Walmart purse
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Actor Tom Sizemore tells how he hit rock bottom - addicted to crystal meth, forced to squat in a ramshackle house with no running water and beg Jack Nicholson for a $10M loan - but now has his health (and new hair)
            



 
            Driver, 30, is killed instantly in a huge explosion after crashing into an oil tanker while driving the WRONG WAY on the interstate
            



 
            What about our choices? April the Giraffe's son is finally named Tajiri - but it was chosen by zookeepers DESPITE a contest where fans donated $1 each to have their say
            



 
            'Why was there the Civil War?' Trump says Andrew Jackson was 'really angry' about it – but he died 16 years before the war started
            



 
            Attacker kills one and seriously injures several others with a 'machete-like knife' in stabbing rampage at University of Texas
            



 
            The war Putin wants you to forget: Rare photos show Russia's humiliating 1905 defeat against Japan which killed almost 53,000 of its soldiers and sunk almost all its Pacific and Baltic fleet 
            



 
            Banana split! Mother flees her home after cluster of the world's most deadly spiders burst out of fruit from Asda
            



 
            Limping gunman who shot Dallas paramedic and a civilian is found dead in a home with one other man
            



 
            Stomach-churning footage shows moment woman pops a massive cyst on her wrist using a SCREWDRIVER as yellow pus oozes out
            



 
            White reporter resigns after calling herself a 'news n***a' in Twitter messages with black man whose video she wanted to use for a story
            



 
            Model, 31, 'with a history of drug abuse' and her friend are found dead in Atlanta apartment with a 'purple straw and white powder in her hand'
            



 
            The growth of a nation: Vintage photos offer a rare glimpse in America’s changing landscape from the steamships and railroads that fuelled its Industrial Revolution to the natural wonders still drawing tourists today 
            



 
            Bill Shine is OUT as co-president of Fox News amid series of sexual harassment scandals and is replaced by two longtime executives - including a woman 
            



 
            The real life Dumbo: Baby elephant 'flies'... when a giant bully scoops him up and throws him out of the way 
            



 
            Father 'kills' his daughter, 33, and then shoots himself after tense overnight standoff with police
            



 
            A-mast-erpiece! Russian billionaire's colossal £360 million 'Sailing Yacht A' superyacht with masts taller than Big Ben undergoes testing in Gibraltar 
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more











































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















