


























okayplayer.
okayafrica.
okayfuture.
largeup.
revivalist.


message boards
shop

















 



News
Audio

Mixtapes


Videos

OKP TV


Artists
Interviews
Movies
Tonight Show

LNWJF


Events

Austin
Chicago
Los Angeles
New York City
San Francisco/Oakland


About

Team
Contributors
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact


 


 











Posted 3 months ago by Elijah C. Watson
0 comments
A Jodeci Biopic Is In The Works For VH1



Following the success of BET’s New Edition miniseries, the television channel’s parent company Viacom is already prepping for another R&B biopic.
During an interview with San Francisco radio station Q102.1, Jodeci member Mr. Dalvin confirmed that a Jodeci biopic was in the works for VH1.
“That’s in the works already,” Mr. Dalvin said. “They started the process last September — we just finished the script and we’re going into production next month, so we’re looking at an end of the year release.”
No other details are offered about the biopic (although in a caption for an Instagram post taken of the interview, Mr. Dalvin does say that casting inquiries will be announced soon, so if you’ve ever wanted to star in a Jodeci biopic now is your chance).
The New Edition miniseries, The New Edition Story, resulted in record ratings for BET. According to a report from Deadline, parts one and three of the miniseries were the network’s highest-rated and most-watched telecasts in five years (since 2012’s Season 5 premiere of The Game).
The New Edition Story was first announced over a year ago.
“From our beginning in the Orchard Park Projects in Boston to Hollywood and everything in between, just like The Temptations and The Jackson Five — we are ready to retrace our footsteps and show everyone how we got here. For the fans all over the world, this one’s for you,” New Edition had said in a statement.
Aside from Jodeci, fans of Michael Jackson should also be expecting a biopic of the iconic pop star before the end of the year.
Tentatively titled Michael Jackson: Searching for Neverland, the film will focus on the final years of the artist’s life as it is told from the perspective of his trusted bodyguard, Bill Whitefield. The biopic will premiere on Lifetime.





Did you like this article? Wanna share it?



















About the author






Elijah C. Watson 



Posts by  Elijah C. Watson »





TAGSJodeci Mr. Dalvin 




Related Posts







Phonte Talks Jodeci & One-Hit Wonders w/ The Music Snobs








Jodeci Talks ‘The Past, The Present, The Future’ On Ebro In The Morning








Jodeci Stay True To Form, Share Hype Williams-Directed Clip For Comeback Single “Every Moment”








Ira Schickman Reworks Jodeci’s “Love U 4 Life” (Valentine’s Day Free Download)








Jodeci x B.o.B. – “Nobody Wins” [Lyric Video]








Anthony Hamilton Puts The Work On Jodeci’s “Freek’n You” Live In Session


 


Comments

















 

Join our Mailing List






Email Address




okayplayer


okayafrica


okayfuture


largeup


revive music


the roots









more details



Most Popular



 




 

Featured Videos






Watch as ‘Philly vs. New York’ Takes Over The Okay Space in Brooklyn






Watch De La Soul Perform “The Anonymous Nobody” Live On TIDAL






In No Ranking Order: The 16 Best Videos of 2016






Watch A Tribe Called Quest Honor Phife Dawg With Two SNL Performances






Relive Roots Picnic NYC w/ Dave Chappelle, D’Angelo, John Mayer + More [Highlight Video]






Black Thought Calls Big Daddy Kane, Kool G Rap, More For Symphony 2016 At Roots Picnic NY




view all










featured audio






Mixtape Monday: The JuJu, Tuki Carter, Left Brain, Run P. + More







The Round-Up: Best Songs of The Week (feat. Prince, SZA, Phoenix and More) [Playlist]







Mixtape Monday: Gilles Peterson, The Music Snobs, Crate Invader + More



view all


Recent Comments


“bye moron...”
– Mike Adams on Bill Cosby Wants To Revive Comedy Career After Sexual Assault Trial


“Interesting. I hope you own no Tupac albums. Or many other musicians albums and movies. I'm sure you...”
– jd on Bill Cosby Wants To Revive Comedy Career After Sexual Assault Trial


“And the first sex tape was Jayne Kennedy, thanks to her husband Leon....”
– Pam Ward on How the Rodney King Beating Became the First Viral Video + Changed America Forever


“But nobody knew them before Prince passed. So, (no diss) who cares if their life changed  ...... 

C...”
– Mec-One on Report: Prince’s Family Members Planning A Reality Show





















okayplayer
okayafrica
okayfuture
largeup
revive






About okayplayer »
News: SZA Signs to RCA Records + Her LP ‘CTRL’ Will be the Next TDE Album to Drop ›
News: Killer Mike & Hannibal Buress Chop it Up Like Old Friends on the ‘Handsome Rambler’ Podcast ›
News: Better Watch Out For Hodgie + Lil’ Bizzy In New “Caution” Video [Premiere] ›
News: Ja Rule Says Fyre Festival Disaster Is ‘Not My Fault’ ›
News: Florida High School Student Suspended For Posting ‘Slaves For Sale’ Craigslist Ad ›




About okayafrica »
News: Are We Truly Free?—A Bittersweet Freedom Day for South Africans ›
Culture: 15 African Artists To Follow On Instagram Now ›
Culture: Burna Boy Drops New Single, “Rock Your Body” ›
Audio: The Songs You Need to Hear This Week ›
Audio: How Kwesta Wrote One of the Biggest South African Hip-Hop Songs of This Era ›




About okayfuture »
Tracks: Debut LP from French Kiwi Juice via Roche Musique ›
Videos: TiDUS Returns with “SOON YOULL UNDERSTAND” EP Release & Video Memoir ›
Videos: ‘Change To Last’ – A short film by Knafo (World Premiere) ›
Features: Starro drops “Relapse” featuring One-T ›
Features: Check out  Shawn Wasabi “Burnt Rice” (Video) ›




About largeup »
Music: The Nice Up: Videos from Boiler Room’s NYC Dancehall Special ›
DJ Arems: Mixtape Mondays: Vybz Kartel x Silent Addy, The Groove Thief, DJ Odyssey ›
Columns: Kreyol Chronicles: Easter Weekend Rara in Haiti ›
Music: Impressions: Sunday Afternoon Bashment Vibes at Boomyard LA ›
Music: EVENT: Addis Pablo “Majestic Melodies” Release Party + LargeUp Pop Up-Shop ›




About revive »
Audio: Audio: Trombone Shorty Releases New Single “No Good Time” ›
Video: Norah Jones Shares Powerful Video For “Flipside” ›
Audio: ICYMI: Braxton Cook’s ‘Somewhere In Between’ Is THE Record You Need To Sit Down With ›
Video: Video Premiere: Freelance Is Back With New Video For “Band Plays On” ›
Articles: Terri Lyne Carrington on Sexism In Jazz ›





Join our Mailing List









okayplayer



okayafrica



okayfuture





largeup



revive music



the roots














 






News
Audio
Video
Artists
Interviews
Movies
LNWJF
Events
About
 










© okayplayer.com 2017

OKP TV
Mixtapes
Team
Contributors
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
Privacy Policy
 














