














                JOIN FREE 


                Teacher login            

                Student login            



                Teacher            

                Student            









                        The fastest way to carry out formative assessments
                    

                        The fastest way to carry out formative assessments
                    

                        Spiral transforms any classroom into an interactive learning space
                    


                            JOIN FREE 



                                I'm a teacher                            

                                I'm a student                            



                        No apps to install. No download required.
                    




See how Spiral improves answers
in less than 60 seconds










                Formative assessment
            

                “...the only good feedback is that which is acted upon...”
            

                - Dylan Wiliam



                    Read more about Formative Assessment using Spiral
                


Original research by






            See how Spiral improves collaboration
        












Improve answers,

                    Ask a question, share answers, give feedback and get improved answers.
                





engagement

                    All learners answer all questions. They think all the time, are engaged & feel valued
                





and collaboration

                    Share model answers or common misconception. Track individual contributions in groups.
                







                Spiral Pricing
            





                    Spiral Teacher(Free forever)
                

                    Formative assessment and collaborative learning apps for up to five classrooms.
                


                        JOIN FREE 







Spiral Pro Teacher($29/teacher/year)

                    Coming soon - Unlimited classrooms and student accounts for home access.
                


                        Contact us
                    






Spiral Pro School(Flexible discounts)

                    Full integration with your school's LMS or MIS.
                


                        Calculate Pricing
                    





Click here to view all pricing details










                    Self-regulation
                

                    Spiral records how long learners took to answer each question. Learners use data for planning.
                






                    Growth mindset
                

                    Spiral displays answer history. Students see their answers improve after feedback.
                






                    Links to your LMS
                

                    Spiral web apps work independently or connect to your LMS for hassle-free admin.
                






                Collaborative apps for everyday learning activities
            














QuickfireQuickfireCarry out a quickfire formative assessment to see what the whole class is thinkingLearn more
DiscussDiscussCreate interactive presentations to spark creativity in classLearn more








Team UpTeam UpStudents teams can create and share collaborative presentations from linked devicesLearn more
ClipClipTurn any public video into a live chat with questions and quizzesLearn more







                Get the Clip Chrome Extension & Create a Video Lesson in Seconds
            


                    Clip Chrome Extension
                






                Progress reports
            

                Access detailed reports for reflection and summative assessment
            






                Reviews of Spiral
            

                1000s of teachers and digital learning coaches use Spiral for formative assessment.
            



Spiral






Kathryn Laster
 - GaFE Certified Trainer

@kklaster




                Tried out the canvas response option on @SpiralEducation & it's so awesome! Add text or drawings AND annotate an image! #R10tech
            


 


Spiral






Room 220 Math Stars

@3rdgradeBCE




                Using @SpiralEducation in class for math review. Student approved! Thumbs up! Thanks.
            


 


Spiral






Miss Ord

@ordmiss




                Absolutely amazing collaboration from year 10 today. 100% engagement and constant smiles from all #lovetsla #spiral
            


 


Spiral






Adam J. Stryker

@strykerstennis




                Students show better Interpersonal Writing skills than Speaking via @SpiralEducation Great #data #langchat folks! 
            


 


Spiral






Dr Ayla Göl

@iladylayla




                A good tool for supporting active #learning.
            


 


Spiral






Brett Erenberg

@BrettErenberg




                The Team Up app is unlike anything I have ever seen. You left NOTHING out! So impressed!
            


 




                        Spiral on Twitter
                    

Spiral Feedback 





                    Read more                






                FAQ
            


                        Q. Is Spiral free?
                    

                        A. Each of the basic features on Spiral are free and will remain free to individual teacher accounts forever. What this means is that everything you can see when you first sign up is free, up until three classrooms. We will be launching the Spiral Pro Teacher and Spiral Pro School upgrades soon, which, for a very small annual fee, will give access to our flipped learning features and extra features in the apps. Spiral School/District licensing is also available, which includes integration with your school's systems (eg. Moodle).
                    



                        Q. Is it safe? Where are your servers?
                    

                        A. Our main servers are based in New York. We are committed to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) to ensure Spiral is a safe environment for students. If your school is based in Singapore, please be informed that we are launching a Singapore based server soon.
                    



                        Q. What devices are supported?
                    

                        A. Spiral works on any internet enabled device. It loves working on Chromebooks and iPads.
                    



                        Q. Does Spiral integrate with Google Classroom?
                    

                        A. Yes, you can use your existing classes and students with Spiral.
                    






                Ready to start carrying out formative assessments?
            


                    JOIN FREE 



























The Social Learning Network
1 East Poultry Avenue, London EC1A 9PT
Registered Company No. 8287758


About

Introduction to Spiral
Teacher reviews of Spiral
UCL IoE Review
Blog & resources



Our apps

Quickfire
Discuss
Team Up
Clip
Chrome Web Store
Clip Chrome Extension



Great for

An Exit Ticket
Formative assessment
Collaborative learning
Video lesson plans
Revision lesson plans



Support

Getting started
Spiral academy


                                FAQs
                            



                                Spiral news
                            



                                Contact us
                            



                                Privacy
                            



                                Terms
                            



                                COPPA
                            



                                Spiral Feedback
                            




Social

Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
Follow @spiraleducation
Tweet




 




                                            Teacher Registration                                    


                            Sign up for free and join thousands of teachers who are already using Spiral to interactively engage with their students!
                        


















or

















                        Creating an account means that you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy.
                    

                        Already have an account?                    

                        Teacher login                    

                        Student login                    









                Teacher login            














Remember me



Or login with


















                        Don't have an account? Sign up                    


                            I'm a teacher                        

                            I'm a student                        


                        Forgot your password? Click here to reset your password.                    









                Password reset            























            Sorry, your browser does not support inline SVG.
        



