































About Us

Advertise
Join the team

The Team

Youtube

Fashion

Style for Her
Style for Him
Shopping

Grooming

Beauty
For Him
Reviews



Living

Food
Libations
Travel
Career

Wellness

Health
Fitness
Nutrition
Spirituality
Give Back


Entertainment

Movies and TV
Music
Books
Art and Culture
Theatre


Local

Restaurants
Bars
Venues
News



















 



































Chicago house music


Entertainment



MAS Entertaiment bringing a bit of Old School for a Pre-Valentine Bash


Tuesday, February 07, 2017


Jennie Velasco




  
Never gone are the old days of house parties when you'd risk sneaking out of your parents house to jam to some old school Chicago house music and Freestyle jams.  Even in our now grown adult years, the party never leaves us. 

Newly formed MAS Entertainment from the Northwest Suburbs is determined to bring the golden era of the DJ back.  They kicked off the new year with their first successful party with artists like Juanie Legacy, Tim Spinnin Schommer, Charlie Babie, Joel, and Erik G.  All singing their hits "Forever Amor," "Prisoner of Love," "In the Name of Love," and the list goes on.  Already this recurring theme of heartache brought those days back of singing these tunes and making mixtapes.  




Try and remember the time you first heard "Short D*ck Man."  I was sitting in the car with my parents on a Sunday after church and they likely didn't even pay attention to what was on, because they let that bad boy ride.  Charlie B recalls the time he made that song, "there was too much woman bashing in music at the time."  He went as far as mentioning "Beat That B*tch with a Bat" which was popular in the nineties with other questionable rhetoric of how women were treated.  Sure, this song was contributing to the "two wrongs, don't make a right" logic, however, Charlie will argue that sass in the delivery was how it was done.  Charlie Babie is a Bronx native who now is a computer tech in Jersey.  His legacy is noted with work in collaboration with Quincy Jones, Chaka Khan, and his first gig editing music for Duran Duran. 




Tim Schommer balances a day job and manages to work alongside these old school legends frequently.  He mentioned camaraderie and how it was essential with this group of artists to still maintain its integrity.  My memories of listening Tim Schommer spin was during what he called "the golden age of B96" when Julian "Jumpin" Perez was actively recruiting mixtapes and dj's to do sets for their weekly program on the air.  Tim spent a lot of time editing mixes so they could be air-worthy, and although now its easier to make these kind of adjustments, it loses a little bit of its originality.  Perhaps leading into how simplicity may not always mean quality, or even entertaining.  

With non-stop jams and wall-to-wall fans of an era that will never be lost, MAS Entertainment is bringing you another get together to start your Valentine's weekend on Friday, February 10th.  The guys are crazy enough to give you your first round on the house! 

Check out the flyer to check out who to expect at this weekend's show!
For more information, check out their invite page on Facebook 
Follow MAS Entertainment for more updates!





See this article on Art and Sol!!


















































Jennie Velasco



























                      You Might Also Like
                    














0
comments




































Newer Post




Older Post



Home























Language Translator















Read the Latest Issue!







Download the latest issue! We are the latest in indie lifestyle magazines focused on and dedicated to attainability & showcasing the local creative talent & retail environment in Chicago.












Chicago's March Against Trump













Want to Write for Halfstack?!
















Please Consider a Donation!

Halfstack is run by a team of volunteers.  Please consider a donation to our outlet if you believe that independent creative media is vitally important to your community. It's easy, and it helps us to continue to create meaningful content!  






























Check out Creative Market
















The Mane Choice
















Learn to Launch a Fashion Label!













Halfstack International Issue
















Subscribe To Halfstack!








Posts










                              Atom
                            










Posts












Comments










                              Atom
                            










Comments



















Chicago Event Listings














Get Social with Us!
















































Listen to Halfstack Highlights!






























Behind the Scenes at Halfstack














Popular Posts












Celebrate National Rib Day at Porkchop



This Thursday, April 27th is the big day!  No, it's not my birthday...but it's almost just as near and dear to my heart - It's N...













Fashion Without Borders Benefit!



   Fashion Without Borders, a benefit by the Pan African Association  was held last Thursday 20th April at The Ivy Room in Chicago and was a...













Halfstack at Home: Kitchen Makeover on a Budget



If your kitchen is in need of some sprucing, you don’t have to spend a fortune to renovate. With a little DIY and some elbow grease – you ca...

















Labels





about town




Art & Music




artandculture




bars




beauty




beauty test kitchen




Books




business




celebrity




Charity




chicago




chicago events




diningandentertainment




Entertainment




fashion




fitness




food




grooming




halfstack highlights




health




indie




inspiration




Lifestyle




lifestyleandinspiration




mensfashionandbeauty




menswear




Movies




music




nutrition




Restaurant




reviews




shopping




spiritual




style




styleforher




styleforhim




theatre




travel




weekend libations




Wellness



























Blogs to Check out!
















Blogs of Influence

















Halfstack Influencers

















Visit Michelleswoons.com!
















Visit Lady Boss Blogger!
















Check out Iesha on Fashionably Desired!
















Visit Burnedbeauty.com!
















SHOPS TO CHECK OUT!
















Shop Now

















Sponsors that Rock!


















Sign up today!


















Ads


















Brands We Love!






























































Instagram


















Pinterest


    Visit Halfstack Magazine's profile on Pinterest.













Contact Form

























        Back to top
      




HALFSTACK MEDIA




We are the latest in independent culture magazines based in Chicago focused on and dedicated to attainability. We showcase up and comers in creative talent, music, entrepreneurship and fashion. (C) 2012-2017 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.









          Template Created By :
          
            ThemeXpose
          
          . All Rights Reserved.
        


















