

























Tech Insider























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            


























×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Google Home makes a play for mass appeal with Super Bowl ads










BI Intelligence











Feb.  7, 2017, 11:36 AM



1,438




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





BII 
See Also




Cloud drives Q1 for Google, Amazon, Microsoft





AT&T; launches '5G Evolution'





Amazon Echo users can now make calls over the device, thanks to a new phone platform integration





This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here.
Many consumers still view smart home devices as expensive, gimmicky, and difficult to use, and the market has remained stagnant as a result.
But Google and other companies that produce voice-activated speakers appear to be making an effort to change this perception, as evidenced by the numerous Google Home ads featured during Super Bowl LI this past weekend.
This is one of the first times a large number of consumers were exposed to the Home, which could potentially drive adoption of not only the speaker, but also the smart home more broadly. Once consumers see the smart home as more than just a luxury, they'll likely begin to purchase connected devices and build out their ecosystems, especially if they already have a voice-activated speaker like the Google Home or Amazon Echo.
Here’s what Google is trying to do through its promotion of the Home:

Google is primarily aiming to bring the smart home to mainstream consumers through these ads. With ownership of smart home devices remaining low and not growing quickly, these ads are an effort to expose smart home products to mainstream consumers. These consumers have not adopted the smart home en masse, and they still see such devices as a luxury rather than a utility. Large-scale ads, however, are the first step toward shifting consumer attitudes. Once consumers have these devices in their homes, they'll likely want to take full advantage of their utility and purchase other connected devices to build out a full ecosystem.
But Google also wants to eat into Amazon’s increasingly dominant market share in the voice-activated speaker market. While the Google Home has gained more abilities after opening to third-party developers late last year, the Echo product line has retained a dominant market share. The low price point of the Dot led to the device being very popular during the holiday season, and the device’s install base drastically increased over the past few months, as Slice Intelligence noted in a recent report. Google hopes to make the Home just as popular as the Echo line, though as BI Intelligence has previously identified, this process will take some time and not be easy for the company.

Overall, these ads point to the role that voice can play in triggering smart home adoption. Voice-activated speakers can be found in a growing number of homes not just because of the convenience and utility they offer, but also because they're now available at lower price points — the Echo Dot, for example, retails at about $50, and the Google Home retails at about $129.99, versus $179.99 for an original Echo. Further, as device prices come down and device replacement cycles are slowly overcome, consumers could be even more willing to integrate smart home solutions into their lives, something BI Intelligence argued as early as 2015.
As the smart home continues to mature, consumers will increasingly look to pair inexpensive devices with their voice-activated speakers, a phenomenon that will fuel adoption into the mass-market phase.
The U.S. smart home market has yet to truly take off. At its current state, we believe the smart home market is stuck in the 'chasm' of the technology adoption curve, in which it is struggling to surpass the early-adopter phase and move to the mass-market phase of adoption.
There are many barriers preventing mass-market smart home adoption: high device prices, limited consumer demand and long device replacement cycles. However, the largest barrier is the technological fragmentation of the smart home ecosystem, in which consumers need multiple networking devices, apps and more to build and run their smart home.
John Greenough, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on the U.S. smart home market that analyzes current consumer demand for the smart home and barriers to widespread adoption. It also analyzes and determines areas of growth and ways to overcome barriers.
Here are some key takeaways from the report:

Smart home devices are becoming more prevalent throughout the US. We define a smart home device as any stand-alone object found in the home that is connected to the internet, can be either monitored or controlled from a remote location, and has a noncomputing primary function. Multiple smart home devices within a single home form the basis of a smart home ecosystem.
Currently, the US smart home market as a whole is in the "chasm" of the tech adoption curve. The chasm is the crucial stage between the early-adopter phase and the mass-market phase, in which manufacturers need to prove a need for their devices.
High prices, coupled with limited consumer demand and long device replacement cycles, are three of the four top barriers preventing the smart home market from moving from the early-adopter stage to the mass-market stage. For example, mass-market consumers will likely wait until their device is broken to replace it. Then they will compare a nonconnected and connected product to see if the benefits make up for the price differential.
The largest barrier is technological fragmentation within the connected home ecosystem. Currently, there are many networks, standards, and devices being used to connect the smart home, creating interoperability problems and making it confusing for the consumer to set up and control multiple devices. Until interoperability is solved, consumers will have difficulty choosing smart home devices and systems.
"Closed ecosystems" are the short-term solution to technological fragmentation. Closed ecosystems are composed of devices that are compatible with each other and which can be controlled through a single point.

In full, the report:

Analyzes the demand of US consumers, based off of survey results
Forecasts out smart home device growth until 2020
Determines the current leaders in the market
Explains how the connected home ecosystem works
Examines how Apple and Google will play a major role in the development of the smart home
Some of the companies mentioned in this report include Apple, Google, Nest, August, ADT, Comcast, AT&T, Time Warner Cable, Lowe's, and Honeywell.

To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options:

Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP

Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT


The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the smart home market.


Learn more:

What is the Internet of Things? Definition, Industries and Companies
IoT Ecosystem - Forecasts and Business Opportunities
IoT Market Size, Share & Growth Forecasts
IoT Trends, Growth & Predictions
IoT Devices, Applications & Examples
Top IoT Companies to Watch & Invest In
IoT Wearable Devices & Technology
How IoT Will Affect Security
IoT Reports








            More:

                                                        BI Intelligence
BI Intelligence Content Marketing
iot
Internet of Things



Smart Home
Google @home



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





































Google Home makes a play for mass appeal with Super Bowl ads
Google Home makes a play for mass appeal with Super Bowl ads

This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT...













Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSIDINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 














































