




























Property


Jobs


Dating


Family Announcements


Contract Printing


Fullscreen


Forum





go























Home


News


Sport


Schools


Nostalgia


Leisure


What’s On


Business


Digital Editions


Video Gallery


Picture Ordering


Racecourse News


Contact Us


Forum


360 Degrees



















»
News



Kingsclere's under 7s team outstanding in new kitFunded courtesy of McDonald's Newbury 





Sun, 05 Feb 2017Reporter: Jane Meredith
Contact: 01635 886637























KINGSCLERE Youth Football Club’s under 7s team have received a new kit - courtesy of McDonald’s.
It has been funded by Newbury McDonald’s franchisee Ross Drake and the McDonald’s and FA Kit Scheme.
To mark the occasion, the youth side invited Mr Drake along to see the under 7s being presented with their new kit for this season.  
Also at the event were Kingsclere’s under 11s team, who received a new kit as a result of the scheme in 2015.
Mr Drake said: “Kingsclere Youth FC is an excellent example of a grassroots club which has a real community spirit.
“I’m proud that I’ve been able to provide the under 7s with a strip this year, and it’s great to see the under 11s are still enjoying the kit they received in 2015.
“I would like to thank the team for inviting me along to celebrate with them in receiving their new kit and wish them the best for this year’s season.”
Kingsclere Youth FC are a local junior football club based in Newbury and have been providing football coaching, training and matches for over two decades.
The club aims to provide a first class, safe and enjoyable environment fo 60 players who train and compete regularly in local leagues.
Now in its third year, The McDonald’s kit scheme has provided over 175,000 kits to clubs across the UK with 70,000 new football kits being delivered in 2017. For more information visit www.mcdonalds.co.uk/kitscheme.s










Leave your comment
Share your opinions on Newbury Weekly News



TextCharacters left: 1000






















EXCLUSIVE: Autistic boy housed with dangerous sex offender

What's On February 23- March 1

Crafty Craft and Mayday celebrations set up a bumper bank holiday

Taxi driver assaulted in Thatcham

 



standard






Exclusive: Kennet Centre redevelopment plans revealed

 






How will you vote in June's General Election?

 






Newbury town centre regeneration scheme a step closer

 






“We are going to have a great local facility for local people”

 

























Videos
                

standard







West Berkshire & North Hants Primary Schools Cross Country Championships 2017
 







A339 link road finally complete
 







Duncan Goodhew opens new swimming pool
 












Video Gallery


standard







Newbury Pancake Race 2017
 





Snow falling in Newbury
 





Newbury Thousand Voices
 





Thatcham Christmas lights switch on
 




















News


standard







NewsIt's arty, crafty...and sometimes rafty
33rd annual Crafty Craft race makes a splash







 







All DistrictsThe Hungerford Club does it again!
It's nominated CAMRA Club of the Year once more







 












standard






NewsSt George's Day takes flight in Newbury Market Place








 






NewsEvery runner's a winner








 






NewsEXCLUSIVE: Autistic boy housed with dangerous sex offender
8comments







 















































News


Sport


Business


Forum


Picture Ordering


Nostalgia


Digital Editions


Fullscreen


Ad Slot Positions






About us


Contact Us


Accessibility


Disclaimer


Privacy Policy


Web Site Ts&Cs


Advertisers Ts & Cs


Cookies






Newbury News Limited - Newspaper House, Faraday Road, Newbury
Powered by Miles 33


























