








 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   











 



Go to home page



|Listed in category: 






Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
>
Women's Handbags & Bags
>
Handbags & Purses






















The original item has sold for US $11.99. We have selected another similar item below.Original item: Authentic COACH Wristlet Clutch Leather Purse






















Picture Information







FREE SHIPPING














Image not available
Photos not available for this variation

































































































































































































































































































































































Have one to sell?


Sell it yourself









									View full description




Details about   Coach Authentic Gold Metallic Leather Turn-Lock Clutch Wristlet Purse 




Coach Authentic Gold Metallic Leather Turn-Lock Clutch Wristlet Purse 












|

Add to watch list












							Seller information


 levistarex

	            (579
)

100% Positive feedback




Save this seller



See other items


More...
See all



levistarex has no other items for sale.










Item Information




		Item condition:
New without tags












Price:

US $85.00

















 
 



Add to watch list




Start of add to list layer



Add to watch list






End of add to list layer




 







Shipping:




$7.15


				Expedited Shipping




		See details about international shipping here.
 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.

Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.

Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.

Visit eBay's page on international trade.

















Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated between Thu. May. 4 and Mon. May. 8
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.







Returns:




 Seller does not offer returns. You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens in a new window or tab if you received an item that is not as described in the listing.







Guarantee:




Money Back Guarantee
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee
 | See details - opens in a new window or tab




		        				Get the item you ordered or get your money back.



			        				Covers your purchase price and original shipping.



 












30 items similar to Authentic COACH Wristlet Clutch Leather Purse






















Authentic Coach Black Leather Wristlet Wallet Clutch Zip top purse







$8.99
0 bids
3d 21h 23m
























AUTHENTIC Coach  PLUM Patent Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet Purse Pouch







$20.00
1 bid
3d 5h 42m
























AUTHENTIC Coach White Leather Zipper Zip Slim Wristlet Bag Clutch Purse







$14.99
Buy It Now























Tan LEATHER Authentic Coach Zip Clutch / Wristlet Purse W/ Inside Zip NEW







$16.99
Buy It Now

























Vintage Authentic Coach Signature Wristlet Wrist Bag Purse Clutch Handbag 







$34.99
Buy It Now























Authentic LEGACY Coach GLOVE LEATHER Wristlet WHITE Clutch Case Coin Purse Pouch







$9.99
Buy It Now























COACH Wristlet Clutch Handbag Buckle Flap PINK Suede Patent Leather Authentic







$16.90
Buy It Now























Authentic Coach BLACK Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet Purse Pouch Case







$4.99
1 bid
1d 22h 43m


























Coach Authentic Black Leather Wristlet Excellent Condition Clutch Purse







$29.99
0 bids
5d 22h 33m
























Authentic Coach Tan Leather Wristlet Coin Purse Clutch AS-IS







$5.00
Buy It Now























AUTHENTIC COACH WRISTLET CLUTCH PURSE PLEATED BLACK LEATHER  FABULOUS CONDITION







$38.00
Buy It Now























AUTHENTIC Coach Leather MAHOGANY Wristlet Clutch Phone Wallet Coin Purse Pouch







$7.27
5 bids
20h 23m


























Authentic Coach Pop C Blue Leather Wristlet coin pouch purse clutch EUC







$22.00
Buy It Now























Authentic Coach Green Leather Pouch Clutch Wristlet Hand Purse Women







$24.50
Buy It Now























COACH Metallic Bronze Leather Clutch Purse Wristlet          







$25.00
Buy It Now























COACH Wristlet Clutch Handbag Buckle Flap Pink Suede Leather Authentic







$29.99
0 bids
5d 19h 19m


























NEW COACH Papaya Patent Leather Wristlet, Clutch Purse w/ Coach Logo. Authentic







$35.00
0 bids
1d 20h 16m
























Authentic COACH Leather Brown Clutch / Wristlet Purse







$32.99
Buy It Now























Authentic COACH Blue Suede Leather Wristlet Clutch Pouch Purse EUC







$39.99
Buy It Now























Coach Silver Monogram Leather Turn Lock Wristlet Clutch Handbag







$29.00
Buy It Now

























Coach NEW Black Swagger Wristlet Clutch Zip Top Pebble Leather Purse $275- 028







$129.99
0 bids
3d 3h 29m
























Coach Authentic Gold Metallic Leather Turn-Lock Clutch Wristlet Purse 







$85.00
Buy It Now























Coach PATENT LEATHER Clutch Wristlet Purse Handbag GOLD







$118.00
0 bids
5d 2h 55m
























COACH Wristlet Clutch Handbag White Silver Lurex Buckle Authentic







$29.99
0 bids
5d 19h 19m


























New Authentic Coach Patchwork Plaid Leather Signature Wristlet Clutch Purse Bag







$42.95
Buy It Now























Authentic Coach Patent Leather Clutch Wristlet Purse Handbag Zipper Burgundy







$29.95
Buy It Now























Authentic COACH Gold Metallic Leather Wristlet Clutch Handbag Purse Pre-Owned







$50.00
Buy It Now























Coach Love Poppy Genuine Leather Wristlet/Clutch/Mini Evening Small Purse 







$89.00
Buy It Now

























New COACH Authentic Snakeskin Clutch Wristlet Purse Handbag Leather







$150.00
Buy It Now























Coach Authentic Straw Woven Leather Clutch Wallet Purse Wristlet Bag VGC







$49.88
Buy It Now







Where results contain multi-variation listings, the item counts on the page are inclusive of all matching variations that are available.









Enter your search keyword










Advanced






 






Place bid
















Time left:





Current bid:



(Approximately ##1##)






Shipping:





Import charges:


(estimated and based on max bid)
To be provided at checkout







Your max bid:










Your max bid:



















		By clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.



		By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 












Cancel






Loading...




Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.


Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
Calculate
(Approximately ##1##)
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
Increase max bid
Place bid
Confirm bid
Increase max bid
Cancel
Change bid
Close
, you've been outbid. Don't let it get away - bid again!
, you're the highest bidder on this item. Hope you win it!
, you're the first bidder. Hope you win!
, you're currently the high bidder, but you're close to getting outbid.
, this auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
, you're the high bidder, but the reserve price hasn't been met.
Please enter your bid again.
Please enter a valid number as the bid price.
Enter an amount that is equal or greater than the minimum bid required. This can be found under the bid entry box.
Maximum bids can't be lowered once they're submitted.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is greater than or equal to the Buy It Now price. We recommend you purchase this item via Buy It Now. If you still wish to bid, you may do so below.

























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.



























Back to home page



Return to top



Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Security Center
		Resolution Center
		Seller Information Center
		Policies
		Affiliates
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice









