










 


close




 


TV Recaps
TV
Movies
Music
Books
News
Podcasts
Theater
Gaming
Video
Newsletters
 
Stay Connected















Subscribe
Customer Service
Get the Magazine
Get a Digital Subscription
Give A Gift Subscription
Order Past Issues

Advertise With Us
Online
Magazine

Learn More
Contact Us
Site Map
Terms of Service
Your California Privacy Rights


Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



Skip to content






 














TV
TV Recaps
Movies
Music
Books
News
Theater
 



 








TVLena Dunham: 'Soul-crushing pain' of Trump's election made me lose weight
Rachel DeSantis•@Santis_DeRachelPosted on February 6, 2017 at 1:20pm EDT 
ShareTweetEmail 





 




 



John Lamparski/WireImage



Most people turn to diets and exercise to lose extra pounds, but Girls star Lena Dunham is sharing a new weight-loss trick you may not want to try at home.
Dunham stopped by Howard Stern’s SiriusXM radio show Monday morning and revealed that she has none other than Donald Trump to thank for her slim figure.
“Donald Trump became president and I stopped being able to eat food,” she told Stern after he complimented her look. “Everyone’s been asking like, ‘What have you been doing?’ And I’m like, ‘Try soul-crushing pain and devastation and hopelessness and you, too, will lose weight.'”
The actress, who was on hand to promote the upcoming sixth and final season of Girls, has not been shy about her dislike for the President, and apparently, the feeling is mutual.
“He said I was a B-list actor with no mojo,” Dunham told Stern, who followed up by asking if it was a mistake for someone with responsibilities as great as Trump’s to pay such close attention to celebrities.
“Here’s the funny thing. Of course, it’s a mistake, but we’re talking about him like he’s a person who is operating in a sane way, we’re talking about him like a person who doesn’t have a personality disorder,” she responded.
Dunham, who famously pledged a move to Canada if Trump won the election, also clarified those comments to Stern, saying that, at the time, a Trump win “seemed like an impossible joke” that “would never happen. I was like, ‘The most qualified candidate we’ve ever had is running against a steak salesman. We’re going to be fine.'”
This is the second time in a week Dunham has spoken out on Trump, though on Wednesday, she expressed a desire to avoid insulting his appearance.

“All he does is talk about women like they’re objects,” she said at TimesTalks: A Final Farewell to the Cast of Girls. “It doesn’t reclaim our power to talk about him like he’s an object. It doesn’t reclaim our power to insult his physicality.”


Show Full Article










				sponsored stories			















				more EW			






TV 'Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.': The race is on to escape the Framework



TV 'Once Upon a Time': Hook crosses paths with Charmings in musical episode



TV 'Outlander' casts Rollo for season 4







 








				more TV			








 
 
'Pitch' canceled after one season





 
 
'Once Upon a Time' Goes Musical!





 
 
'Prison Break' sneak peek: Has Sara been sleeping with the enemy?








 
 
Shonda Rhimes, by the numbers





 
 
'Dirty Dancing' remake: Abigail Breslin recreates iconic lift in new photo



See More Stories


Comments


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.






Most Popular





 
1
Ellen DeGeneres brings '13 Reasons Why' star to tears over Lady Gaga








 
2
'American Gods' EPs answer burning questions from series premiere








 
3
'Outlander' casts Rollo for season 4








 
4
Netflix adding more trigger warnings to 13 Reasons Why








 
5
Ryan Seacrest is Kelly Ripa's new 'Live' co-host














				See Also			
























 














 All products featured were editorially selected. EW.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links.
Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
 













Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














 


