





To see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please enable your Javascript!





      





						      Home       Contact Us     Tip Us: info@tori.ng or SMS: 07038916577  
					

What Manner Of Love Is This? See the Photo of a Bride And Her Physically Challenged Groom That Got People TalkingDead Bodies Give Us a Lot of Problem Before Allowing Us to Embalm Them - Mortuary Boss RevealsList of Things You Are Entitled to by Law From Your EmployerDrama as 7 Different Girls Celebrate National Boyfriend Day by Posting Photos of the Same Nigerian Boyfriend



    Home    
   Politics    
   World     
  Entertainment  
  Lifestyle  
    Tech     
    Sports     
    Metro     
    Weird     
    Video     

















 


Follow @Tori_nigeria 





Get Latest Tori News Alert!Enter your email below. 




Delivered by FeedBurner



 







 Hot Stories
Unbelievable: Gunmen Storm Burial Ceremony, Kill Seven People in Rivers...See Shocking Details 

See the Face of Fake Police Officer Notorious for Extorting Money at Oshodi, Lagos (Photos)

So Sad! See Two Passengers Shot Dead by Armed Robbers While Traveling Along Kaduna-Abuja Road (Graphic Photos)

Ecobank Officially Shuts Down 74 Branches...See Details

Gov. Wike Kneels Before Pastor Accused of Sleeping with Nollywood Actress (Photos)

Oh No! MTN Nigeria Sacks 280 Long-Serving Workers, Others...See Details 

Nnamdi Kanu Visits Fani Kayode in His Abuja Home (Photo)

Gorgeous! See the N1,800 Outfit Vice President's Wife, Dolapo Osinbajo Wore to an Event (See Photos)

Pounded Yam, Eba, Egusi are the Secrets of My Success - Anthony Joshua (Video)

31-year-old Woman Dupes Her UK-based Lover After Squandering His Money (Photo)

Tension Brews as the President Abandons Workers' Day Rally After Being Booed

I've Had Only One Wristwatch for 17 Years - Ex Gov. Peter Obi Talks on Search on His Ikoyi House & More

How Buhari's Right-hand Man Reportedly Exploits His Ill-Health for Corruption

Unbelievable! World's Richest Man, Bill Gates Spotted Taking a Ride in Keke Napep (See Photo)

Residents in Shock as Man Stabs Wife to Death in Cold Blood Over Domestic Dispute (Photos)

Sad Story How UNILAG Female Student Died After Being Accused of Stealing - Close Friend Tells Her Story (Photo)

Prostitute Reveals She was Forced to Have S*x with 30 to 40 Men Every Night for a Month (Photo)

See How Angry Workers Booed Minister of Labour, Chris Ngige During 'Worker's Day' Rally in Abuja (Video)

Battered Mercy Aigbe Runs to Governor Ambode of Lagos State for Help...See Details

May Day 2017: Workers Get 60% Pay Rise with Immediate Effect 

Notorious Militant Leader, Ossy Ibori Shot Dead by Nigerian Soldiers In Ondo State (Graphic Photos)

So Sad! World's Oldest Man Dies at the Age of 146 (See Photos)

Naira Depreciates Again...See the Latest Exchange Rate Against the Dollar, Pounds and Euro 

Nigerian Rapper, Saucekid Cools Off in American Prison

Why We Arrested Sule Lamido - Nigeria Police Speaks Up 

Against The Run Of Play: What President Jonathan Did Not Say

So Heartbreaking! Pretty Former Miss Charismatic Nigeria, Yewande Baruwa Dies at 22 (Photos)

Bloody Tale How 5 OAU Students were Brutally Murdered in 1999 and Nobody Got Punished

Unbelievable: Driver Absconds With Lagos School Bus...What He Did Next Will Shock You 

See How 'Evil' Woman Pressed Hot Iron on Her Nephew's Chest in Kano for Theft (Photo)

How SARS Operatives Allegedly Tortured a Photographer to Death in Ibadan (Graphic Photos) 

Locals Residents Troop Out to Butcher a Stranded Whale in Akassa, Brass LGA of Bayelsa State (Photos)

Our Daughter Was Killed by Her Husband for Evil Purpose - Family Cries Out

How SARS Operatives Tortured a Photographer to Death in Ibadan (Graphic Photos)

Lady Narrowly Escapes Being Strangled to Death by a Big Python in Benin, Edo State (Photo)

Shocking! Enugu-based Mortuary Attendant Shares Selfies Taken with Corpses in a Morgue (Photos)

Evil World: Footballer Brutally Murders His Girlfriend and Feeds Her to His Dogs (Photos) 

Shocking Revelation: Buhari Has Difficulty Eating & Drinking, Cabal Won't Let Him Travel for Urgent Treatment 

Unbelievable: Cab Driver Arrested While Robbing His Own Passengers at Gunpoint in Niger 

Husband Kills Pregnant Wife Who is an RCCG Choir Mistress in Lagos (Photo)

Updated: Police Arrest Sule Lamido, Search His Kano, Jigawa Homes 

So Cruel: See the Teacher Who Was R*ped Before She Was Stabbed to Death and Burnt by a Thug (Photos) 

Drama as Police Arrests Former Jigawa Governor...See Details 

Ghen Ghen: Man Who Buys Fuel and Food for Boko Haram Finally Nabbed...See Details 

Revealed: 400 Fulani Across Nigeria Convert to Christianity, 7 Ordained as Pastors, Reverends

Serious Horror as Passenger Plane Crashes Leaving 'No Survivors' At All (Photo) 

Beautiful Pregnant Nigerian Woman Dies In Her Sleep Weeks After First Wedding Anniversary (Photos)

Exposed! How Cash-hungry Mothers Loan Out Their Babies for Begging

Acid Attack Survivor Marries Her Sweetheart after Being Disowned by Family (Photos)

Anthony Joshua: How Nigerian Boxing Officials Rejected Heavyweight Champion Years Ago 
 Recent Stories
We Are Hungry, Pay Our Salaries - Drama as Ekiti Workers Lash Out at Fayose During May Day Celebration

Help! I Feel Terribly Guilty After Doing This 'Dirty Thing' with My Stepbrother - Lady Narrates

Worker's Day: Senator Shehu Sani Advocates for N145,000 Minimum Wage for Nigerian Workers

Tragedy as Sports-loving 15-year-old Boy Suddenly Dies on the Pitch...You Won't Believe What Happened to Him

See What Fayose Wore Today to May Day Celebration (Photos)

So Sad! See Two Passengers Shot Dead by Armed Robbers While Traveling Along Kaduna-Abuja Road (Graphic Photos)

Ecobank Officially Shuts Down 74 Branches...See Details

Why I Went into Politics - Senator Ekweremadu

Governor Obiano Signs N5.5billion Deal to Construct Ultra Modern Railway in Anambra

Poor Health of Buhari Capable of Throwing Nigeria Into Confusion as Political Manipulators are Cashing in - Akande 
 




Gov. Fayose and Others Want Me Dead - Senator Buruji Kashamu Raises AlarmPosted by George on Tue 07th Feb, 2017 - tori.ng
The cold war between People's Democratic Party chieftains, Fayose and Buruji has been intensified with grave allegations. 
 
Kashamu Buruji
 
Senator Buruji Kashamu, representing Ogun East Senatorial District in the National Assembly, has alleged that Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose wants him dead.
 
Kashamu who made the allegation in an interview with New Telegraph, said it was unfortunate that certain persons do not like others who have genuine interest towards the plight of the poor.
 
“Some politicians believe I am too powerful, popular and influential. There is no way you will be in politics, especially at my level and not step on toes,” he said.
 
“So, all those intimidated by the unsolicited influence and popularity which naturally comes because of ones generosity to people, are always trying to use things against me.


“They want my enemy to die, they desire terrible thing for the enemy of Kashamu not me, but I thank God for always keeping and protecting me, regardless of the machinations of enemies.”
 
Asked to be specific on those he was referring, Kashamu replied: “They are many and they are everywhere. They are in Ogun State, they are everywhere. I do know that the Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose is one of them.”
 
“I don’t know what went wrong between us but he talks too much. He hurls insults at government and leaders. Instead of him to go and fight for the interest of Yoruba, he is after his own interest.”
 
Kashamu further accused Fayose of sponsoring media campaign against him so as to pressurize the federal government to extradite him.
 
He inisisted that the NDLEA does not have the power under the law to extradite anybody but the Attorney General of the Federation.
 
“If the courts in United Kingdom and Nigeria have exonerated me, then what is the agency talking about? It is supposed to defend the law of our country through the rulings of the court.
 
“If it can’t do that, what is it doing there then. This same NDLEA participated in the same case where I was exonerated in London, it gave evidence in London in my favour, and it sent one of their staff to London as witness.


“In another suit in Lagos, I took them to court. When I came, NDLEA was there and it swore to an affidavit in the court saying I was not involved in drug and that the United States was not looking for me.


“So, how can it now turn around and start saying the opposite. This same NDLEA is aware that there is a treaty between Nigeria, Unites States and the United Kingdom.


“A part of the treaty says you cannot extradite someone who is not a fugitive. Of course, I am not a fugitive, I’ve never been to the United States in my life and I have never run away from this case. You’ve arrested me, I faced the case and won. You came here, you wanted to abduct me, the case went to court, I defeated you.


“I am not a fugitive, I don’t fall in that category. Also, the treaty said among the three countries where the treaty is binding, if you have arrested anyone whereby the person has been sentenced, exonerated or discharged of any similar case, you cannot bring an extradition case against that person in any of the remaining two countries.”
 









facebook










twitter















google+










linkedin








email









  Top StoriesSo Sad! See Two Passengers Shot Dead by Armed Robbers While Traveling Along Kaduna-Abuja Road (Graphic Photos)Gov. Wike Kneels Before Pastor Accused of Sleeping with Nollywood Actress (Photos)Residents in Shock as Man Stabs Wife to Death in Cold Blood Over Domestic Dispute (Photos)So Heartbreaking! Pretty Former Miss Charismatic Nigeria, Yewande Baruwa Dies at 22 (Photos)Evil World: Footballer Brutally Murders His Girlfriend and Feeds Her to His Dogs (Photos)  Popular StoriesSee the Qualifications You Need to Contest for Senate and House of Reps I was R*ped At 17, Married My R*pist At 18 & Divorced Him 6 Years Later - Woman Shares Touching StorySee Bundles of Naira Notes Recovered by Police from INEC Officials Bribed During Rivers Elections (Photos)We Met in the Club Last Night and This Happened When I Got to His House - Lagos GirlList of Things You Are Entitled to by Law From Your Employer  Stories from this CategoryWorkers Disrupt May Day Celebrations in Abuja over New Minimum WageWorker's Day: Senator Shehu Sani Advocates for N145,000 Minimum Wage for Nigerian WorkersSee What Fayose Wore Today to May Day Celebration (Photos)Why I Went into Politics - Senator EkweremaduPoor Health of Buhari Capable of Throwing Nigeria Into Confusion as Political Manipulators are Cashing in - Akande  Recent StoriesWhy I Went into Politics - Senator EkweremaduGovernor Obiano Signs N5.5billion Deal to Construct Ultra Modern Railway in AnambraHow Obama Made Jonathan Delay Anti-gay Bill - David Mark RevealsTake Medical Leave Immediately - Femi Falana, Debo Adeniran, Others Urge Buhari Over AilmentPounded Yam, Eba, Egusi are the Secrets of My Success - Anthony Joshua (Video) 
 





Home | About Us | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms Of service |  Advertise With Us | facebook | Twitter | Google+
Copyright © 2017. Tori.ng - All rights reserved 
 









