










 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification   











 



Back to home page



|Listed in category: 






Home & Garden
>
Home Improvement
>
Heating, Cooling & Air
>
Fireplaces & Stoves
>
Fireplaces











































People who viewed this item also viewedSPONSOREDElectric Fireplace Room Heater Furniture Remote Control Flame TV Stand Espresso$459.99Free shippingTv Media Stand Fireplace Console Electric Entertainment Center Heater Flame Wood$314.99Free shippingElectric Fireplace Entertainment Center TV Stand Storage Heater Console Wood New$408.69Free shippingElectric Fireplace TV Stand Entertainment Center REMOTE TEMPERATURE CONTROLL $299.79+ $9.9928.5" Embedded Electric Fireplace Insert Heater Remote Realistic wood log Glow$119.05$249.99Free shipping



Picture Information















Image not available
Photos not available for this variation










X



































































































































Have one to sell?




									Sell now









Get an immediate offer
Up to






Details about   Electric Fireplace Entertainment Center Solid Wood 50 TV Stand Logs Ember Flame












Be the first to write a review.





Electric Fireplace Entertainment Center Solid Wood 50 TV Stand Logs Ember Flame







Email to friends
Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab
Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab






|

Add to watch list












							Seller information


 achilles.unlimited

	            (404
)

98.7% Positive feedback








Follow this seller





	Visit store: Achilles Home Store


See other items


More...
See all



achilles.unlimited has no other items for sale.











Item Information




		Item condition:
New







Quantity:











						5 available



 


Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less
Please enter a quantity of 1
Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer
Please enter quantity of 1 or more
Please enter a lower number
Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$
You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$










Price:

US $399.99

From $37 for 12 monthsopens a installment calculator layer
*
















 
 



									Add to cart







Best Offer:
 



									Make Offer





Loading... 
Resume making your offer, if the page does not update immediately. 








 
 




Add to watch list
Remove from watch list




Watch list is full






Add to collection





Free shipping
30-day returns
New condition








Shipping:



FREE


				Economy Shipping

 | 

 See details 









 



	Item location:
New York, New York, United States






 



Ships to: 


			United States
 | 
See exclusions









Import charges:



		
				 (amount confirmed at checkout) 
To be provided at checkout 

 help icon for Shipping - opens a layer


This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab
This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab



No additional import charges on delivery


Delivery:






Estimated between Thu. May. 4 and Wed. May. 17
 help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer


Estimated delivery dates  - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.







	Payments:




Credit Cards processed by PayPal






											*From $37 for 12 months. Minimum purchase required. 




Loading... 

An error occurred, please try again.


Apply Now
																 | 
																See terms


See payment details



Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab

International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab
Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab





Returns:





30 days money back, buyer pays return shipping
									
										 | 
									 See details 








Guarantee:




Money Back Guarantee
Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee
 | See details - opens in a new window or tab




		        				Get the item you ordered or get your money back.



			        				Covers your purchase price and original shipping.



 












 








Report item - opens in a new window or tab

Description current
Shipping and payments







	eBay item number:142189904759


	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

Last updated on
		 Dec 27, 2016 23:48:30 PST 
		View all revisions





Item specifics



									 			Condition:




															
															
																New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is 

																			applicable). Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details.
																					See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab



																			... Read moreabout the condition





									 			Room: 

Living Room



									 			Heat Output: 

4,700

									 			Type: 

Electric Fireplace



									 			Brand: 

Unbranded

									 			Features: 

Flueless, Programmable Thermostat, Remote Control, Vent Free



									 			Heats up to: 

400 sq ft

									 			MPN: 

37461



									 			Accommodates: 

50" flat panel TVs

									 			UPC: 

801349437461












Questions and answers about this item



		No questions or answers have been posted about this item.

Ask a question - opens in a new window or tab











	Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.








												Shipping and handling



									This item will ship to  United States, but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller- opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.


									Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.



 

Item location: New York, New York, United States




			Shipping to: United States


							Excludes: Alaska/Hawaii, US Protectorates, APO/FPO, PO Box








No additional import charges at delivery!

						This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more- opens in a new window or tab












Quantity:




Change country:

-Select-
United States


There are 5 items available. Please enter a number less than or equal to 5.
Select a valid country.




ZIP Code:



Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.














Shipping and handling
To
Service
Delivery*







Free shipping





United States




														Economy Shipping






Estimated between Thu. May. 4 and Wed. May. 17








	 				* Estimated delivery dates- opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment- opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods. 









								Handling time






Will usually ship within 2 business days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab.



















				Return policy





								After receiving the item, contact seller within


Refund will be given as


Return shipping





								30 days



											Money back


Buyer pays return shipping


















Payment details




Payment method
Preferred / Accepted
 











																PayPal Preferred


															 









Enjoy more time to pay
Pay for your purchases when it's right for you. Choose PayPal Credit to pay all at once or enjoy the flexibility of paying over time with special financing offers.
For example, if your purchase qualifies, you could enjoy No Payments + No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+.
Interest will be charged on your account from the posting date (which is usually within a few days after the purchase date) if the purchase balance is not paid in full within the promotional period. Subject to credit approval. See terms - opens in a new window or tab
Other offers may be available from time to time.
The lender for PayPal Credit accounts is Comenity Capital Bank.


 






Immediate payment required for this item

											Immediate payment of US $399.99 is required.










 














Current bid amount 








+





+ import charges (shown at checkout)



time left
##2## left
|
Bid Count 





















Your high bid amount:






















Your bid amount:




Calculating import charges...
+ import charges (shown at checkout)





									Confirm











 



Place your bid
Help button. Click to expand the details about Quick bid


Consider bidding the highest amount you're willing to pay. We'll bid for you, just enough to keep you in the lead. We'll keep your high bid amount hidden from everyone else.
See moreButtonClick to expand the details about Quick bid


																				Here's how bidding works:

If the current bid is $20, and you bid $30, we bid $21 for you.
If no one else bids, you win and pay $21.
If someone else bids $31, we bid for you up to your max of $30.

















Approx.












Approx.












Approx.













OR







Really want to win? Try raising your high bid amount.


















									Bid






















By placing a bid, you're committing to buy this item if you win.
By submitting your bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. You have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount. 
By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.
By clicking Confirm, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions  - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.











Loading...




Bid layer is updating the contents.
Resume bidding, if the page does not update immediately.



d
h
m
s
day
hour
hours
FREE shipping
See item description
+ See item description for shipping
Calculate
Approximately:
(Enter ##1## or more)
(Enter more than ##1##)
Your max bid:
You've been outbid. Don't let it get away - place another bid.
You've been outbid by an automatic bid placed earlier by another bidder.
You're the highest bidder on this item!
You're the first bidder on this item!
You're the highest bidder on this item, but you're close to being outbid.
This auction is almost over and you're currently the high bidder.
You're the high bidder on this item, but the reserve price hasn't been met yet.
You've been outbid by someone else.
You can still win! Try bidding again.
You've been outbid by someone else's max bid.
You can still win! Try bidding again.
You've been outbid by someone else.
Try raising your max bid.
You're the highest bidder!
To increase your chances of winning, try raising your bid.
You're the first bidder. Good Luck!
You're still the highest bidder!
You increased your max bid to 
Please enter your bid again.
Enter a valid amount for your bid.
Enter a bid that is the minimum bid amount or higher.
You have to bid at least 
Sorry, you can't lower your maximum bid once it's placed.
This seller requires the buyer to have a PayPal account to purchase this item. Get a PayPal account here .
Your bid is the same as or more than the Buy It Now price.You can save time and money by buying it now.
Place bid
Review and confirm your bid
Bid confirmation
Increase max bid
Enter a custom max bid more than ##2##
Enter a custom max bid of ##2## or more
+ ##2## approximate import charges
##2## (approximately)
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
+ ##2## for shipping
+ FREE SHIPPING
Bid ##3## now
Bid ##3##


























Time left:





Current bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Your maximum bid:


(approximately ##1##)





Increase your maximum bid:


















			By clicking 1 Click Bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. Learn moreabout 1-click bid  - opens in a new window or tab






day
hour
min
sec
days
hours
mins
secs
(approximately ##1##)
Winning bid:
Starting bid:
Close
Congrats! The auction has ended and you're the winner.
The auction has ended, but the reserve price was not met.
Sorry, the auction has ended and you were outbid.
Good news, you're the high bidder.
Sorry, you've been outbid.
You're the high bidder, but the reserve price is not met.
Please enter a higher amount than the current bid.
Maximum bids cannot be lowered once submitted.
Please enter a valid number.

















No ratings or reviews yet


Be the first to write a review.




























Back to home page



Return to top



More to explore :
Solid Wood Entertainment TV Stands,
Contemporary Solid Wood Entertainment Tv Stands Stands,
Traditional Solid Wood Entertainment Tv Stands Stands,
Solid Wood Entertainment TV Armoires Stands,
Solid Wood Contemporary Entertainment Units & TV Stands,
Sauder Solid Wood Entertainment Units & TV Stands








Additional site navigation
		About eBay
		Announcements
		Community
		Security Center
		Resolution Center
		Seller Information Center
		Policies
		Affiliates
		Help & Contact
		Site MapCopyright © 1995-2017 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice





