



Making a claim for an injured dog – Krista’s story






Any questions? Call us on 01494 887909















Home
About Us
Claims
Products

Sports Leisure Business

Associations
Gym and Fitness Clubs
Martial Arts Instructors
Personal Trainers
Sports Businesses
Sports Clubs
Sports Coaches
Sports Events
Sports Leagues


Animal & Pet Business

Animal Club & Society
Animal Education Talks & Parties
Animal Events, Shows & Fundraising Activities
Kennels & Catteries
Pet Business


Sports Travel & Accident

Activity TopUp
Children’s Sports
Sports Accident
Sports Team
Sports Travel




Blog

 Customer Area


Returning Customers










Difficulty Logging In?
Click here to get a username reminder or click here to reset your password.
Note: customers with policies purchased before 1/1/2013 will need to re-register to access the customer area.



Register for an Account

Your customer area allows you to view your existing policies, renew expiring ones, and get new quotes. You can also update your correspondence details and ask us questions.
Register


Need Help?
If you have any problems accessing the customer area, please contact us on 01494 887909



Customer Area


Customer Area Home
My Details
My Policies
Get a Quote
Ask a Question
Logoff




Customer Area

 Loading please wait...

 


 Find a product





 








×













BLOG 








Making a claim for an injured dog – Krista’s storyShare this postFacebook43TwitterGoogle+0If you run a dog walking or pet sitting business, having cover for those unforeseen moments can prove priceless.
It may not be huge comfort to owners of a pet who is injured, or in the worst case, dies, but ensuring insurance protects your business can be the difference between returning to normality, and a potentially costly vets bill, or even legal case.
Krista Berg, a Protectivity customer, and owner of Krista’s Doggy Services knows all too well the value of having insurance.
Krista’s business consists of running a home pet sitting and grooming business in the Scottish Borders. She needed to make a claim on her insurance policy after a dog in her care was injured.
It would have been impossible to predict the injury that was to occur, and while the claim value was relatively small, it was a cost that Krista could have done without.
The injury and the claim
“The incident involved a particularly hyperactive dog,” she told us.
“On the day she was due to be picked up, she went outside and came back in with a limp. I figured that she had just stepped wrong. The owners picked up and found her limping and distressed and decided to take her to the vet.”
“She underwent x-rays and a full check-up with the vets. It turned out to be just a little sprain and the vet visit was more for peace of mind.”
While the owners weren’t blaming Krista for their dog’s injury, she felt it right to look into covering their costs.
“To help them out, and seeing as the dog started limping in my care, I thought I would check with Protectivity to see if I could reimburse them for the vet fees,” Krista told us.
“I was impressed that Protectivity said it would be no problem. Particularly as it was more due to protective owners rather than an actual injury.
“Making the claim was easy and after about a month, the claim came through to a very relieved owner.”
Most of Protectivity’s customers, including those with Pet Business Insurance policies will never need to make a claim.
But for those who do, including Krista, operating without that insurance in place is just not worth the risk:
“If I wasn’t able to make the claim with Protectivity, I would have had to at least partially cover the vets bill out of my own pocket. It was a small claim and incidents are very rare, but vet bills can quickly add up so it’s great to know I’m covered no matter what may happen.
“I can let the dogs run and have fun with a bit more peace of mind now!”
Getting the appropriate cover
To get a quote and instant cover to protect you and your pet business like Krista, then just click here.




Categories 
Health & Fitness Clubs

Martial Arts

Personal Trainers

Pet Business

Sports Business

Sports Clubs

Sports Travel

Uncategorized





Popular postsSorry. No data so far.








					© Protectivity . Registered number: 2586372
Belmont House, High Street, Lane End, High Wycombe, Bucks, HP14 3ER






			Sorry, we could not find this policy.
		

 

Contact Us
Affiliate Scheme
Refer A Friend
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies
Sitemap
Claims Case Studies
Complaints
 





Protectivity










Service Rating 883  reviews
                                










































