





















 
 
40 Films to See This Summer 


 
 
Retrospective: The Best Films of 2007 


 
 
Listen to The Film Stage Show 



 
 
The Century's Best Action Films 


 
 
The Best of Berlinale 2017 


 
 
The Best of Sundance 2017 



 
 
150 Films to See in 2017 


 
 
Our 50 Films of 2016 




Terrence Malick Speaks 



 
 
The Century's Best Comedies 


 
 
Examing Films of Brian De Palma 


 
 
This Century's Top Sci-Fi Films 



 
 
This Century's Top 50 Animations 


 
 
Top Directors' Favorite Films 


 
 
Best Blu-ray Deals 



 
 
Top 50 Films of the Decade (So Far) 


 
 
The Best Filmmaking Docs 


 
 
Explore Fincher's 'Gone Girl' Commentary 



 
 
Dive into the history of film. 































« All News


Harmony Korine to Direct Matthew McConaughey in ‘The Beach Bum’

 Written by Jordan Raup on February 7, 2017 
												
						
















After creating not just a hit, but a film that seeped into the culture with Spring Breakers, Harmony Korine has had a difficult time getting his next project off the ground. There was his ambitious-sounding crime drama The Trap that never materialized and he still seems to be working on adaptation of the controversial Tampa. Half-a-decade later, it now looks like he’s found his next film and he’s already got a star attached.
Revealed at the European Film Market in Berlin, the film is titled The Beach Bum and will star Matthew McConaughey. The Interstellar star will play Moondog, “a rebellious and lovable rogue who lives life large,” who gets into “hilarious misadventures.” Knowing Korine, who also wrote the script, we can imagine there may be a darker and/or stranger side to the film, which will kick off shooting in July ahead of a likely 2018 premiere.
“In The Beach Bum, Harmony has crafted the perfect movie for our dark and serious time — a refreshingly original, irreverent, and hilarious stoner comedy that only he could create,” producer John Lesher says. “McConaughey’s Moondog character is pure charisma — a force of nature and an uncompromising maverick with a lust for life and everything it throws at him,” adds Thorsten Schumacher, who is handling international sales at Rocket Science.
The project should mark a coup for McConaughey, whose last few lead roles (Gold, The Sea of Trees, and Free State of Jones) signaled an end to the so-called McConaissance. As we await more casting and details, check out Korine’s latest work below, a pair of commercials. [Variety]




See More: Harmony Korine, Matthew McConaughey, The Beach Bum















Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
blog comments powered by Disqus
















News
More





Watch: Francis Ford Coppola and ‘The Godfather’ Cast Reunite in 80-Minute Tribeca Panel





Watch: Tilda Swinton Imparts an Important Message in Video for Bong Joon-ho’s ‘Okja’





Watch a Paul Thomas Anderson-Directed Music Video for HAIM’s “Right Now”





First Images from Hong Sang-soo’s Cannes-Bound ‘Claire’s Camera’ and ‘The Day After’






Trailers
More





Fear Pervades in New Trailer for Trey Edward Shults’ ‘It Comes at Night’





First Trailer for ‘Whose Streets?’ Goes Inside the Ferguson Uprising





Trailer for Steve James’ ‘Abacus: Small Enough to Jail’ Depicts Injustice During the Financial Crisis





Snapshots of New Footage Emerge in Latest ‘Twin Peaks’ Trailer; Watch a Video Essay on the Mystery of Laura Palmer






Features
More





15 Films to See in May






15 Films to See in May
						
							From alien attacks to European adventures (both pleasant and harrowing), some of the year's best documentaries, the final film from a late master, and more, there's something for everyone.					



The Film Stage Show Ep. 239 – The Lost City of Z
We discuss James Gray’s Amazon-set epic.




Quentin Tarantino and Cast Reflect on ‘Reservoir Dogs’ in 25th-Anniversary Tribeca Panel
						
							A recap of an evening with Quentin Tarantino, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Steve Buscemi, and Harvey Keitel.					



NYC Weekend Watch: John Ford, Jean-Pierre Melville, Kiyoshi Kurosawa, Coppola & More
						
							Since any New York City cinephile has a nearly suffocating wealth of theatrical options, we figured it’d be best to compile some of the more worthwhile repertory showings into one handy list. 					




Twitter
 Follow



Tweets by @TheFilmStage















 
















© 2008-2016 The Film Stage. All rights reserved. | About | Privacy | Terms of Use | Advertising | Staff | Contact | RSS Feed
Follow us on: Twitter | Facebook

Latest posts from The Film Stage

Fear Pervades in New Trailer for Trey Edward Shults’ ‘It Comes at Night’15 Films to See in MayFirst Trailer for ‘Whose Streets?’ Goes Inside the Ferguson UprisingThe Film Stage Show Ep. 239 – The Lost City of ZTrailer for Steve James’ ‘Abacus: Small Enough to Jail’ Depicts Injustice During the Financial CrisisTribeca Review: ‘Literally, Right Before Aaron’ is a Lame-Brained Rom-ComReview: ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’ is a Manic, Overstuffed Sequel 




















