















                Menu            


            Tuesday, 2 May 2017        







 

 



What does hmu mean








 










What does HMU mean


It’s conceivable that you’ve heard the HMU Acronym or hashtags used as a part of an online networking application, for example, Instagram or Vine, or on a site like Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Reddit Tumblr, and so forth. We are here to give you the #HMU importance and give you a few cases of its usage and its users. So What does HMU mean?
What does HMU mean ? | What does HMU Stand for ?

HMU implies Hit Me Up. Used frequently on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and related sites, the HMU means Hit Me Up. HMU, or “hit me up”, is an acronym used all the time on online networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, in applications like Instagram, and in private messages, comments, and chats. A man will use the acronym “HMU” when they are advising somebody to get in touch with them. They regularly ask that individual to hit them up when they are going to leave a discussion or are making arrangements. For instance, if somebody messages their friend and lets them know that they’ll be home from excursion soon, their friend may reply them saying “Awesome. HMU!”. This implies the friend needs that person to reach them when they are home so they can make arrangements or hang out. The expression “hit me up” is frequently said, in actuality, not at all like numerous other slang expressions, for example, ” ROFLMAO” or “SMH.” If two people are hanging out and one is going to leave, the other person may instruct them to hit them up, or get in touch with them.
Examples:
Person 1: I’ll be back here in May.
Person 2: Sure! HMU when back!
Person 1: HMU when you’re going to the get-together.
Person 2: Sure!
HMU is used most regularly on Facebook, Twitter,  Texting, Instagram, Reddit, Tumblr et.al.  HMU is additionally commonly used as a part of when individuals are sending instant messages to each other. Like in instant messaging apps like WhatsApp, Hike, WeChat or any other messengers. Here is a couple of ways that HMU might be used on different sites:
The Facebook user makes a post on the in a friends group saying “Pleasant seeing you out today. HMU in case you’re in the territory once more!”. Instagram user remarks on a photograph saying “That night was humorous. HMU later in case you’re doing anything.”.  Somebody texts you saying “HMU in case you’re attempting to party this evening. I’m all alone at home”.
The figure of speech “hit up” is used as a part of vernacular communicated in English to express that somebody has made a solicitation of something, more often than not a credit, an object of money related quality or some help. For instance, a bum requesting save change is said to hit “up” bystanders for cash. With regards to messaging and Internet slang, HMU alludes to claiming that another person reaches them, and is not used to allude to approaching others for cash or different favors. It is another method for requesting that somebody call, text or email back.
HMU is used as a part of situations where the individual needs to stay in contact. While other short structures and acronyms are used especially since a part of the talking area, this expression is used while talking, when all is said in done. There are times when clients wonder what does HMU mean in Slang. However, it’s simple; the individual needs to stay in contact to hang out or be as one. It is used to loved ones as a sign or ability to get to know one another. Hit Me Up can be used to pass on a longing of making up for lost time with things when the individual on the other side is leaving for a get-away or having some different arrangements. It can be used when people locate the day by day routine dull and wish to get together. The acronym WYD or What are You Doing is comparable in aims to HMU as the person here to needs to make arrangements for hanging out.  Instead of HMU when you have returned from get-away, the expressions are “I’m exhausted, HMU” and comparable solicitations for a prompt message, call, or welcome to relax or something together.
HMU Definition 
People then started to play around with different things HMU definition, the majority of them messy. “Hold my unicorn” is one, and I’ll abandon you to think about what unicorn implies. More unequivocal are “hit my uterus” and “mound my uterus.” No, I couldn’t make this stuff up.

The expression is intended to imply that one is exhausted directly asked for his kindred companions to content him or her as well as to ring him or her too. It might likewise suggest that one has motivated nothing to do and needed his or her companions to welcome him or her for a movement. The expression HUM happens to be a present day short-hand method for welcoming a companion or companions to speak with the particular individual. It is used as a general rule when the person is exhausted and require friends to converse with. This HMU meaning is a general rule standard in visit lobbies or rooms in any online talk discussion, for example, twitter, facebook, too among others. It happens to be the slang word for “I require you to get in touch with me” or “get in contact with me.”
The expression HMU may likewise be spelled in its lowercase or every single little letter as “HMU”. The utilization of both the lowercase or the capitalized adaptations ought to altogether mean one and the same thing. Any intrigued client of this expression is more welcome than never to utilize both of the two adaptations. The main thing that calls for consideration is only the way that one have to abstain from writing the entire or whole expression or sentence in capital letters or its capitalized as this is portrayed as an online wrongdoing known as “impolite yelling online.”
Now that you know what does HMU stand for, importance and usage of HMU (Hit Me Up) simply like some other social web interests are so far acknowledged as a vital part of cutting edge and today’s English-correspondence.

what does hmu mean on facebook and Instagram ?
The acronym HMU in texting stands for “hit me up”. In texting or while in chatting it is used to extend the invitation for the receiver to continue coversing with the sender. It is a common word used in most websites and applications like facebook, twitter and instagram and more. It is most often used when people are sending message, i.e, text message to each other.
Examples Of HMU:
The most common example of HMU are “I’m bored, hmu” and similar request for an immediate call, message or inviting someone to do something.
An individual may use HMU when they want someone to call or contact them. For Instance, “HMU when you are back from vacation”,  this example means that the person wants you to tell them when you come back. In simple words, this means a sender wants receiver to give him a call or shoot a text message.
Some of the ways that HMU may be used on Social Media like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter are:
A Facebook user makes a post on the timeline of a friend saying “Nice seeing you out today. HMU if you’re in the place again!”.
Instagram user may comment on photo saying like “that night was hilarious. HMU later if you’re doing anything”.
Someone may text you saying “HMU if you’re trying to this movie tonight”.
What do people use abbreviations like HMU for?
Now in this growing era of technology, one can find using these abbreviations comparatively very easy to use and they can more precisely tell their thinking or opions to  someone.
For what reasons do people prefer and why their use is getting more and more day by day?

While texting in the internet or in phone applications one should be able to express their views more precisely and in a minimum amount of words that why their use and need is getting more, for e.g, if the receiver is getting a joke and he is not able to contol the laugh he just send “LOL” to the sender which means “Laugh Out Loudly” or TYSM is used to thank a person it is a abbreviation of “Thank You So Much”.
And secondly the most important point is that while using some applications on the internet there is a word boundation on some applications or website like Twitter has its 140 – character limit and so as the new application Instagram which is getting viral day by day because of his uniqueness but this application has also the character boundation because Instagram cuts off the caption preview at about 240 characters. The god of social media, i.e, the facebook has also the boundation the user is able to share status updates up to 63, 206 characters long which is quite a long limit than Twitter.

What Does HMU Means on Facebook?                
          
Facebook, as we are all aware of the fact that  from facebook the social media or Internet has take a boom. The most useful feature of facebook is that the messenger application which allow user to send the message to the required person. But while chatting or texting it might somewhat difficult to write the whole sentence that why the use of abbreviations like HMU or lol and more might be useful in that case.
As HMU stands for “Hit Me Up” or in general sense we can say that the user want his/her friend to receive her. It is most commonly used to contact people. For e.g, the most short message conveying the significance of this abbreviation is “hmu, when you are free” i.e, the sender of this message wants the receiver to pick the sender when he/she is free.
What Does HMU Means on Instagram?

The picture sharing app which is on boon now a days. Yes, the application Instagram in Instagram if you want to specify a important word use hashtag before the word.
As the above picture shows that hashtag HMU is searched 3 millions time on Instagram or in short Insta. It is most common used in these applications which covey a simple message that is contact the receiver. Now lets us discuss some examples of #HMU commonly used in Instagram application.
Example 1.) Person 1: “I’ll be back around in a few days.” Person 2: “Sounds good, HMU!”.
Example 2.) “Hey man, hit me up when you are ready to go to Amy’s party!”.
In first example Person 2 wants Person 1 to cantact him when he get’s back. Similarly, in Second one the sender want the receiver to pick him when he is ready to the army party. So there are many ways you can use this abbreviations. It’s all depend on you and your condition or situation how you are using it.
So it is how we used in this word in Social Media or on the Internet world.
HMU In Other Fields.
The abbreviations is not likely to have one meaning,  they might be having more than one meaning like the abbreviations ‘lol’ some people used as ‘Laugh Out Loud’ while some use it as ‘Lots Of Love’. So the use of abbreviations is all depend on the person or in the situation of the person. Most abbreviations have the same and at the same time the opposite meaning.
So let us see what’s the other meaning of this abbreviations HMU in the below picture:

What does HMU mean in Text Language ?
We come across many slang words on daily basis in this contemporary world. While “OMG”, “TBH”, “SMH”, “WTF” and many else are quite common, there are few terms like “HMU” that we also see mostly while texting in messages, instant messengers, chat rooms and so. So, why do we use HMU in texting?  The term HMU is a contraction of the words “Hit Me Up”. Just before one goes an excessive amount of deduction on indeed its real significance, it is an essential perspective to improve on its importance. This expression has no distorted or shrouded meaning at all. In fact, this is used as a simple word to express or determine one’s willingness to get in touch with another person. So, what does HMU mean in text?

What does HMU mean in text ?
HMU has two essential implications:
The expression is intended to imply that one is exhausted directly asked for his kindred friends to text him or her as well as to ring him or her also. It might likewise imply that one has inspired nothing to do and needed his or her friends to welcome him or her for a movement.  The expression HMU mean in text to be a cutting edge short-hand method for welcoming a friend or friends to speak with the particular individual. It is usually used when the person is exhausted and require friends to converse with.
Hit Me Up: What does HMU stand for in texting? – This expression, HMU, is as a general rule regular in talk corridors or rooms in any visit online discussion, for example, twitter, facebook, too among others. It happens to be the slang word for “I require you to get in touch with me” or “reach me.”  Its beginning is followed back in mid-2010’s. It is appraised as having more than 85000 notice in any single day. Above all, the most astounding opinion of HMU happens among the school and college understudies. A late research of 2012 recommended that HMU notoriety grew somewhat more profound after every last weekend and occasion getaways given to this college and undergrads.

This is truth contended out that it was out of the way that these understudies were involved absolutely with their school work amid weekdays and just amid the weekends there happened to be sufficient time to make this kind of “solicitations.” HMU, or “hit me up”, is an acronym used all the time on online networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, in applications like Instagram, and in private messages, messages, and messages. A man will use the acronym “HMU” when they are advising somebody to get in touch with them.
They commonly recommend that individual to hit them up when they are going to leave a discussion or are making arrangements. For instance, if somebody messages their friend and lets them know that they’ll be home from excursion soon, their friend may text them saying “Cool! HMU when you are back!”. This implies the friend needs that individual to get in touch with them when they are home so they can make arrangements or hang out. The expression “hit me up” is frequently said, all things considered, not at all like numerous other slang expressions, for example, “OMG (Oh my God)” or “LOL (Laugh out Loud)”. If two individuals are hanging out, and one is going to leave, the other person may instruct them to hit them up, or get in touch with them.

What does HMU mean in text – Inception and use of HMU: In the year 2011, Facebook.com went through a portion of the few posts and overhauls made by various individuals from around two hundred and thirty-five (235) or more nations of the world in the year 2010. HMU has become a common acronym that is to be used these days. I mean you come across several examples in day to day life.
Examples:
Person 1: Hey, man!
Person 2: Hey, How are you?
Person 1: Awesome! Where are you?
Person 2: In home town. You?
Person 1: Whoa! When did you come? I didn’t even knew.
Person 2: Just yesterday.
Person 1: Cool! HMU asap. We have a lot to catch up.
In 2010, gauges demonstrated that the contraction “HMU” was utilized 80,000 times each day on Facebook. It was most prominent amid the late spring months when understudies had all the more spare time, and there were more things to do. After the mid-year was over and the school year started once more, the expression diminished being used; amid this period, it was observed to be more mainstream amid the weekends. At that point, they compared the most mainstream or high-recurrence expressions of the year 2010 to their separate qualities followed in the year 2009. After an similar intensive investigation had been performed, Facebook.com made a rundown of the most well known and most regular expressions. In the established show it happened that HMU was the highest priority on the rundown. They found that this expression was not used as a part of 2009, however, grew prevalent in the year 2010.
Conclusion:
The expression HMU may likewise be spelled in its lowercase or every single little letter as “HMU”. The use of both the lowercase or the capitalized forms ought to comprehensively mean one and the same thing. Any intrigued client of this expression is typically more welcome than never to use both of the two renditions. The main thing that calls for consideration is only the way that one have to abstain from writing the entire or whole expression or sentence in capital letters or its capitalized as this is portrayed as an online wrongdoing known as “inconsiderate yelling online.”
Importance and usage of HMU (Hit Me Up) simply like whatever other social web interests is so far acknowledged as a vital part of cutting edge and today’s English-correspondence. Therefore, HMU is a common term that is to be used instead of the lengthy phrase “Hit me Up”..














  Recent Posts 

What does HMU mean in Text Language ?


what does hmu mean on facebook and Instagram ?


What does HMU mean ? Definition


  







 
 











Theme by Dashing Themes. Proudly Powered by WordPress























