       

   Trending:  DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS   NFL DRAFT   NEW YORK METS   UNITED AIRLINES   CAITLYN JENNER     
    Sections    Sections              Home  
  Home  New York     NYC Crime   Bronx   Brooklyn   Manhattan   Queens   Education   Weather   Obituaries       Sports     Yankees   Mets   Giants   Jets   Knicks   Nets   Rangers   Islanders     Football   Basketball   Baseball   Hockey   Soccer   College   The Score   More Sports       News     Crime   U.S.   World   Politics      Entertainment     Gossip   Movies   TV   Music   Theater & Arts   Crosswords   Entertainment Pics      Horoscopes     Daily   Weekly   Monthly      Lifestyle     Health   Food   Viva      Opinion       Autos     Buyer's Guide   Ratings & Reviews   News & Views   Photos & Galleries      Covers       Classifieds      Trending:  DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS   NFL DRAFT   NEW YORK METS   UNITED AIRLINES   CAITLYN JENNER      
   New York Daily News   news   
 


Follow Us 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube



 Subscribe 


Follow Us

App 
Subscriptions 

Subscribe



GET THE NEWS
Whether on your phone or delivered to your doorstep, the Daily News brings you award-winning coverage of the latest in news, sports, entertainment and more.




Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App
Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe


     Select Sport  Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer Golf College More Sports      Crime     U.S.     World     Politics     Share This  facebook   Tweet   email              Here are the attacks President Trump himself has under-reported  Here are the attacks Trump himself has under-reported    BY  Jason Silverstein   NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Tuesday, February 7, 2017, 8:46 AM     facebook   Tweet   email              BY  Jason Silverstein   NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Tuesday, February 7, 2017, 8:46 AM    
	Maybe President Trump is the one ignoring certain attacks. 
	Trump on Monday went off-topic during a speech at a Tampa Air Force base by claiming the “very dishonest press” has intentionally avoided covering certain terror attacks. The White House tried backing him by rushing out an error-ridden list of 78 attacks supposedly “underreported” by media. 
	The list is filled with mistaken body counts, attacker names and locations, and includes some of the most high-profile massacres of the past three years, including the mass shootings in Orlando and San Bernardino (or “San Bernadino,” as the White House spelled it).      President Trump speaks to members of military during his first visit to the headquarters of the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida on Monday. (Borchuck, James/AP)    
	The list may be most revealing, though, for the attacks it ignores — and that Trump himself has under-reported as a politician.  Trump tries to distance from Putin, creates accidental hashtag  
	There’s a clear pattern on display: Trump and his White House put the most emphasis on instances of radical Islamic militants attacking mostly white American and Western European victims. But Trump sometimes had little to say about major massacres that don’t fit that mold. 
	Here’s a few attacks to which Trump himself has given little attention:      Dylann Roof, the white supremacist convicted of the Charleston church shooting. (Uncredited/AP)    
	The Charleston church shooting

	White supremacist Dylann Roof murdered nine black parishioners at the Emanuel AME Church just one day after Trump declared his candidacy.  
	“The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all,” the new candidate tweeted a day later.  Florida police seize heroin packets featuring Donald Trump's face  
	Since then, though, Trump has barely commented on the hate-fueled rampage — which led to a federal hate crimes conviction for Roof, and which many legal scholars and commentators considered an act of domestic terrorism. 
	In an August CNN interview, Trump said it was “so beautiful” how the city handled the tragedy, and in reference to Roof, he “wanted to rip this guy's heart out.” But he never explicitly condemned the far-right views that drove Roof to kill. Trump as a candidate also never disavowed the white nationalist groups that fed into his support. 
	South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley — who Trump later tapped to be his United Nations ambassador — even hinted that Trump’s campaign rhetoric influenced killers like Roof. 
	“I know what that rhetoric can do,” she told the Associated Press in a June 2016 interview about Trump.  SNL's Donald Trump declares war on Australia for sour phone call  
	“I saw it happen.”      Trump has called the civil war in Syria "so sad" but said little else about the slaughter of civilians there. (ALEPPO MEDIA CENTER/ALEPPO MEDIA CENTER/picture-alli)    
	Civilian slaughters in Syria

	Trump has talked tough about destroying ISIS, especially in the wake of attacks on Western countries. 
	But he hasn’t shown the same interest in bloodshed breaking out in Syria — or in Russia’s role in those massacres. 
	During his “thank you” tour of states he won, Trump called the mass deaths of Syrian civilians “so sad” — the same assessment he has offered on his political opponents, “The View” and “Saturday Night Live.”  Donald Trump mocks Arnold Schwarzenegger's 'Apprentice' ratings  
	Trump, who refuses to publicly criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, has never condemned Russia for the slaughters it has carried out while aiding Syrian President Bashar Assad in Syria’s civil war. The United Nations said Russia has killed more Syrians than ISIS.      Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his wife Sophie Gregoire Trudeau mourn the victims of a shooting at a mosque in Quebec, which came days after Trump's travel ban. (Paul Chiasson/AP)    
	Quebec mosque shooting

	Within days of Trump issuing an executive order travel ban on seven majority-Muslim countries, white gunman Alexandre Bissonnette opened fire in the Quebec Islamic Cultural Center, killing six people. 
	Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau quickly called the shooting “a terrorist attack on Muslims.” 
	Trump, meanwhile, has so far said nothing about it publicly. Trudeau's office said Trump called the prime minister to offer condolences and say he would “provide any assistance as needed.”  Basic ‘lizard brain’ psychology can explain the rise of Trump  
	White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump condemned the attack “in the strong possible terms” but also called it “a terrible reminder of why we must remain vigilant and why the President is taking steps to be pro-active, rather re-active, when it comes to our nation's safety and security.” 
	That logic doesn’t compute with the fact that Bissonnette is a native of the country he attacked, and would have never been subject to the travel bans and detainment Trump has mandated thus far.  Tags:  donald trump   california   muslim ban   terrorism   syria   charleston church massacre   dylann roof   nikki haley   canada   100   Send a Letter to the Editor  Join the Conversation:  facebook   Tweet                                     
                                      Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up    Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube         Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy   Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds   Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map   Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy   Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections      Daily News Covers         © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.                          