




















Open Menu


Close Menu




Apple




Shopping Bag








Apple




Mac




iPad




iPhone




Watch




TV




Music




Support




Search apple.com




Shopping Bag




































OverviewMusicVideoCharts




Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator
Opening the iBooks Store.If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock.Progress Indicator




iTunes
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.

        We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app FarmVille: Tropic Escape by Zynga Inc., get iTunes now.          
      

Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.





iTunes for Mac + PC









FarmVille: Tropic Escape
By Zynga Inc.


View More by This Developer

Open iTunes to buy and download apps.




      
      Description
    
Friends, food and adorable animals in an island paradise! Escape and create your own island adventure filled with mystery and fun new mini games in this colorful, free-to-play farm simulator from the makers of FarmVille, the number one farming franchise!Build your very own beachside inn complete with island workshops, tropical crops, and exotic animals. Farm island fruits like pineapples, coconuts, and mangos to delight your guests. Catch fish with Capri the dolphin and explore with Odney the playful monkey! Explore uncharted areas, learn more about your island and find rare items and goods.Adventure unfolds all around your island!• DISCOVER ISLAND SECRETS AND TREASURES – Start story games with a tropical twist as you adventure with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert. Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple on land. Venture into pristine waters to the coral reef and merchant shipwreck. Find hidden treasures and rare goods in the sunken city and other uncharted areas.• EXOTIC ANIMALS – Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the friendly Wildlife Guide. Feed treats to the cute, playful animals that live on your island paradise, and get a chance new island critters like Iguanas and Komodo Dragons! Earn amazing XP and rewards for photographing animals as souvenirs, so your guests can take a piece of paradise home with them! The more Wildlife Habitats you tend to, the more chances you’ll discover rare and exotic island species!• MINI-GAMES –Your exploration pays off! Try your luck with a game of chance to unlock decorations, characters and even more valuable resources like coins, gems and more! • TRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS – Use the trade boat to your advantage. Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands. Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts. This farming simulator lets you live the business lifestyle- the more money you have, the more you can do on your island! ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES• For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://www.zynga.com/privacy/policy.• This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.• The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99.• You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service, found at http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga’s Privacy Policy, found at  http://www.zynga.com/privacy/policy.

Zynga Inc. Web SiteFarmVille: Tropic Escape SupportApplication License Agreement


      
      What's New in Version 1.7.683
    
• LUCKY & LEO are here! A New Lifeguard and his parrots for your island: Leo, the Lifeguard, is here to guide your Guides to find rare items at Landmarks. Feed Lucky and Chance their favorite Treats for items like Quicksand, Sunshine, Clay, and more!• CRYSTAL CAVERN: Explore a new area in the Sunken Temple to earn more Gems and rare treasure than ever. Dive in and check it out!• LEAGUES are coming soon! Achieve top ranks in the Top Resort Tournament to earn prestige with the International Resort Council. The higher your status, the more recognition and rewards you earn, including Monty the monkey Guide and Kate’s new Golden Boat!• IN-GAME UPDATES: Now you can check your new Inbox for tips and updates from us!



Screenshots

iPhone
iPad
iMessage








Customer Reviews


From 1-5 stars
     

by
        
          Tia222
        
        
      

    I was addicted to this game then something happened and I got frustrated due to an issue in game. I couldn't collect gems but all my friends could. I then reached out to customer support and they told me that it was because there were no ads to watch. Well that was a lie, because my friends ALL said they gathered gems that morning and the day before. I I contacted the same lady from customer support and said that she was incorrect, and told her why. She closed the ticket. Well I got even more upset and opened up another ticket and they fixed it right away. I got friends hooked to this game and I didn't want to quit. So they fixed the issue right away for me. I had another issue and opened another ticket and that person was awesome as well. Don't give up if you have to get in touch with customer support. It's a great team of support, but you can still get 1 bad egg.l every now and then. Lol
  



TROPIC ESCAPES
     

by
        
          J. K. H.
        
        
      

    I give this game  5 star game. I am finding it impossible to pass a difficult game, as I've been trying for approximately 2 days. Thats what happens when you play free.TROPIC ESCAPE.  5/2/17 TuesdayI am still playing Tropic Escapes alone and I had to sell just about everything so I could continue playing with my dolphin and making chicken eggs. I rate you a 3 star game.
  



too many gems required
     

by
        
          carrieann.cw
        
        
      

    I really love the look and feel of this game but the necessity of using gems just to RENT helpers is INSANE. Not only are the helpers rented but the duration of their stay is extremely short given the amount paid to hire them. Changing to coins or being able to do a one-time purchase might keep more people interested in playing.
  




Customers Also Bought








Zombie CastawaysGamesView in iTunes








Gardenscapes - New AcresGamesView in iTunes








Build Away! - Idle City GameGamesView in iTunes








Family Farm Seaside - Play Harvest & Farming GameGamesView in iTunes








Disney Magic KingdomsGamesView in iTunes












View in iTunes
This app is designed for both iPhone and iPadOffers iMessage App for iOSFreeCategory: GamesUpdated: Apr 25, 2017Version: 1.7.683Size: 197 MBLanguages: English, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional ChineseSeller: Zynga Inc.© Zynga IncRated 4+Compatibility: Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.


Customer Ratings
Current Version:
3.90196     51 Ratings

All Versions:
     15535 Ratings




      
      Top In-App Purchases
    
Box of Gems$4.99POWER Pack$2.99Trunk Of Gems$19.99Suitcase of Gems$9.99Stack of Gems$2.99Starter Pack 01$1.99Value Pack$0.99MEGA Pack$9.99Crate of Gems$39.99Large Bundle of Silver Sand Dollars$6.99



      
      More by Zynga Inc.
    







Words with Friends – Best Word GameView in iTunes









Wizard of OZ: Magic MatchView in iTunes









Boggle With FriendsView in iTunes









Words With Friends ClassicView in iTunes









Wizard of Oz - Vegas Casino Slot Machine GamesView in iTunes














Discover and share new apps.
Follow us on @AppStore.


Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.

Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.





Apple





iTunes








Shop and Learn


Open Menu


Close Menu


Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
TV
Music
iTunes
iPod
Accessories
Gift Cards






Apple Store


Open Menu


Close Menu


Find a Store
Genius Bar
Workshops and Learning
Youth Programs
Apple Store App
Refurbished and Clearance
Financing
Reuse and Recycling
Order Status
Shopping Help







For Education


Open Menu


Close Menu


Apple and Education
Shop for College





For Business


Open Menu


Close Menu


Apple and Business
Shop for Business







Account


Open Menu


Close Menu


Manage Your Apple ID
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com





Apple Values


Open Menu


Close Menu


Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Supplier Responsibility







About Apple


Open Menu


Close Menu


Apple Info
Newsroom
Job Opportunities
Press Info
Investors
Events
Contact Apple







		More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller.
	

United States


Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map








