







M³
CLL
Events
Whitepapers
The Next Platform







































                Data Center
            

                Software
            

                Security
            

                Transformation
            

                DevOps
            

                Business
            

                Personal Tech
            

                Science
            

                Emergent Tech
            

                Bootnotes
            













                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Networks
                        



                            Virtualization
                        



                            BOFH
                        





Zeiss, ASML hit back at Nikon in chip-printing patent row



Big mistake by Big Blue: Storwize initialisation USBs had malware



Fancy a toothpicked-rollmop from our storage smorgasbord?



M6 crowned crappiest motorway for 4G signal








Rejoice, for Linux 4.11 has been delivered!



Secure Boot booted from Debian 9 'Stretch'



Apache OpenOffice: Not dead yet, you'll just have to wait until mid-May for mystery security fixes



O (n^2) Canada! Code bugs knacker buses, TV, broadband, phone lines








Red alert! Intel patches remote execution hole that's been hidden in biz, server chips since 2008



40,000 Tinder pics scraped into big data service



CIA tracked leakers with hilariously bad Web beacon trick



NSA pulls plug on some email spying before Congress slaps it down








Are you ready to transform?



Have we got a new, hip compound IT phrase for you! Enter... UserDev



You just sent an on-prem app to the cloud and your data centre has empty racks. What now?



How to breathe new life into your legacy kit now you've gone hybrid








DevOps and containers heavyweights' London meetup: Under 3 weeks to go



Victory! The smell of skunkworks in your office in the morning



A conference and a workshop: Practical tools to reshape your software future



Wait – we can explain, says Moby, er, Docker amid rebrand meltdown







                            Policy
                        



                            The Channel
                        





Cisco slurps Viptela to bolster SD-WAN management



Payroll service for contractors goes AWOL leaving some unpaid



What's driving people out of tech biz? Unfair treatment, harassment, funnily enough – study



Dell EMC courts HPE sales people with putrid Monty Python parody








What's a 'good' quarter at AMD these days? Throwing $73m on a fire



Net neutrality blowback: Cities say no. Court says whoa. Trumpster blames Canada for not going slow



Netgear confirms: Intel's wobbly Puma 6 in fast broadband modems is super-easy to choke out



What is this bullsh*t, Google? Nexus phones starved of security fixes after just three years







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





Shock horror: US military sticks jump leads on human brains to teach them a lesson



NASA's Cassini snaps pic inside Saturn's ring – peace among the stars



Ewe, get a womb! Docs grow baby lambs in shrink-wrap plastic bags



Colliders, containers, dark matter: The CERN atom smasher's careful cloud revolution







                            Artificial Intelligence
                        



                            Internet of Things
                        





A sensible Internet of Things investment house? Breed Reply looks like it



Cloudflare's incredible solution for IoT security: Use our services



NATO secures adoption of submerged drone data comms standard



Washing machine AI? You'll thank AWS, Microsoft, Google (eventually)







                            Verity Stob
                        





'I feel violated': Engineer who pointed out traffic signals flaw fined for 'unlicensed engineering'



Apple fanbois are officially sheeple. Yes, you heard. Deal with it



China launches aircraft carrier the length of 2.1 brontosaurs



iPhone lawyers literally compare Apples with Pears in trademark war







97 


Data Centre




Intel's Atom C2000 chips are bricking products – and it's not just Cisco hit
Chipzilla and Switchzilla won't confirm connection but the writing is on the wall

























                        6 Feb 2017 at 22:34,
                    
Thomas Claburn




Updated Intel's Atom C2000 processor family has a fault that effectively bricks devices, costing the company a significant amount of money to correct. But the semiconductor giant won't disclose precisely how many chips are affected nor which products are at risk.
On its Q4 2016 earnings call earlier this month, chief financial officer Robert Swan said a product issue limited profitability during the quarter, forcing the biz to set aside a pot of cash to deal with the problem.
"We were observing a product quality issue in the fourth quarter with slightly higher expected failure rates under certain use and time constraints, and we established a reserve to deal with that," he said. "We think we have it relatively well-bounded with a minor design fix that we're working with our clients to resolve."
Coincidentally, Cisco last week issued an advisory warning that several of its routing, optical networking, security and switch products sold prior to November 16, 2016 contain a faulty clock component that is likely to fail at an accelerated rate after 18 months of operation.
Cisco at the time declined to name the supplier of that component. When asked on Monday whether Intel supplied the faulty electronics, a Cisco spokesperson told that The Register that the networking giant does not intend to publicly name the supplier.
Intel indicated in a January 2017 revision of its Atom C2000 family documentation that the chip line contains a clock flaw. Errata note AVR.54, titled "System May Experience Inability to Boot or May Cease Operation," explains that the Atom C2000 Low Pin Count bus clock outputs (LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1) may stop functioning. Permanently.
An Intel spokesperson in an email to The Register characterized the issue as "a degradation of a circuit element under high use conditions at a rate higher than Intel’s quality goals after multiple years of service."
"If the LPC clock(s) stop functioning the system will no longer be able to boot," Intel's documentation explains.
This consequence is precisely what Cisco says may happen to its devices given enough time. "Once the component has failed, the system will stop functioning, will not boot, and is not recoverable," Cisco's advisory states.
The Register asked Intel whether it could confirm that Cisco's advisory could be attributed to an Intel component. Intel said it could not confirm or deny whether its chip issue is the one affecting Cisco gear, citing a policy of not commenting on customers. We note that the affected Cisco ASA 55xx products use Intel's Atom C2000 system-on-chips at least.
Radio silence
We asked Intel to provide specific details about when it began and stopped shipping Intel Atom C2000 processors with faulty clock outputs. Intel declined to comment. The official errata says the B0 stepping of C2xxx Atoms are vulnerable to failure, and these parts began shipping in 2013. The specific SKUs are:
C2308, C2338, C2350, C2358, C2508, C2518, C2530, C2538, C2550, C2558, C2718, C2730, C2738, C2750, and C2758.
We asked Intel how many affected Atom C2000 chips have been shipped and how much fixing the issue will cost the company. Intel declined to comment.
Intel did, however, provide some insight on how the Atom C2000 flaw might be addressed. "A board level workaround exists for the existing production stepping of the product which resolves the issue," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Additionally, Intel will implement and validate a minor silicon fix in a new product stepping that resolves this issue."
Many other technology vendors make products with Intel Atom C2000 processors, including Dell and Synology. The Register pinged Dell via email, and it was not immediately available for comment.
People with Synology DS1815+ storage boxes have been reporting complete hardware failures; the DS1815+ is powered by an Intel Atom C2538.
Other vendors using Atom C2000 chips include Asrock, Aaeon, HP, Infortrend, Lanner, NEC, Newisys, Netgate, Netgear, Quanta, Supermicro, and ZNYX Networks. The chipset is aimed at networking devices, storage systems, and microserver workloads. If you know of any affected or failed gear, please let us know.
According to this Intel data-sheet [PDF], LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1 are driven by the processor to provide essential timing signals to hardware on the board, including the boot ROM. If these signals stop ticking, the rest of the electronics stops, too. ®
Updated to add at 14:29 UTC, February 7
Synology told The Reg it was "investigating this issue together with Intel," saying it would "provide more detailed information in the week as it becomes available."
It added: "At this time Synology has not seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors. However once additional information is available, Synology will post an advisory on this topic.
"In the meantime it is still safe to continue to use your device, however should you encounter any issues these will be handled via our support teams and all the devices are still covered under the standard warranty provided with all our units. Technical Support can be reached via www.synology.com/ticket."
Updated to add at 15:36 UTC, February 7
Synology subsequently asked to have its statement above revised to omit any mention of Intel.
Updated to add at 18:23 UTC, February 8
Once again, Synology has been in touch, seemingly now able to use the I word, to say: "Intel has recently notified Synology regarding the issue of the processor’s increased degradation chance of a specific component after heavy, prolonged usage.
"Synology has not currently seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors compared to other models manufactured in the same time frame not equipped with the affected processors."




                        Tips and corrections
                    



97
                        Comments
                    






MORE


Intel


Cisco




More from The Register






Intel touts bug bounties to hardware hackers

                            Website and Intel Security (McAfee) products excluded from 'Wild West' payouts scheme
                        


                                2 Comments
                            








Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch

                            You're going to need a whole lot of Intel Inside to make this work
                        


                                16 Comments
                            








Intel loses its Lustre – Chipzilla bins own-brand HPC file system

                            Between killing an OpenStack research team and killing IDF, we see a pattern here
                        


                                15 Comments
                            










OpenStack: Pleeeeease stop panicking, Intel and Rackspace still love us

                            Also, er, yeah, Chipzilla pulled the plug on that big project
                        


                                6 Comments
                            








Regular or premium? Intel pumps out Optane memory at CES

CES 2017
                            Just a dash to Kaby Lake splash
                        


                                20 Comments
                            








Intel swallows Tesla-hating self-driving car biz Mobileye for $15bn

                            Sensor maker gets a massive payday as Chipzilla gobbles up more non-x86 tech
                        


                                17 Comments
                            







Whitepapers



Secure Mobile Development Best Practices

                    Covering the vulnerabilities hackers might use to launch an attack, and remediation tips that you can use to build security into your app.
                



Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure

                    IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads.
                



The Case for Modern Network Security Operations

                    Legacy network security operations must be modernized to improve responsiveness, streamline network security operations, and mitigate IT and business risk.
                



Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing

                    What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions?
                













Most read




CIA tracked leakers with hilariously bad Web beacon trick
                





What is this bullsh*t, Google? Nexus phones starved of security fixes after just three years
                





Rejoice, for Linux 4.11 has been delivered!
                





40,000 Tinder pics scraped into big data service
                





Red alert! Intel patches remote execution hole that's been hidden in biz, server chips since 2008
                





















Spotlight


Microsoft's Azure cloud feels the pinch in price war with Amazon's AWS



BOFH: This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back



Cloud students, pay attention! Exam plans promise fresh skills



Data trashed? When RPO 0 isn't enough



Hypervisor kid Jeff Ready: Converged to the core, and NO VMware



Fabric maths: Pure + Cisco = end-to-end NVMe



Speaking in Tech: VCDX? One! Two! Three! Four! I'd rather be in the Marine Corps!



Can sync-n-sharer Egnyte's foray into datagov fuel growth?



Sponsored links

Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup!
Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back.

















About us

Who we are
Under the hood
Contact us
Advertise with us



More content

Week’s headlines
Top 20 stories
Alerts
Whitepapers



Situation Publishing

The Next Platform
Continuous Lifecycle London
M-cubed
Webinars







The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing




Sign up to our Newsletters
Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts
Subscribe





























Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017


Cookies
Privacy
Ts&Cs



 








